## Part 8.

Red armored boots trampled on the right hand of Asuna stretched towards Kirito.

As I looked up, a red knight, who caused both eyes behind the helmet to shake the horrible hatred, kept sweating the long sword backed up with both hands.

A sword is thrust down, with a stinging screech.

There is no power to fight anymore, but Asuna stares at the steel iron trying to penetrate her, at least not whether the eyes are closed.

Kin.

Hard metal sound. Orange spark.

The knight's sword bounced off in the air as though it had been flicked by a colorless and transparent blade.

"Wow ...?"

A knight who revealed a disconcerting voice will swing down the sword again. But the sparks scatter again, the sword does not reach Asuna.

For the third time, the fourth time, the result is the same.

The fifth attack was not done. Solterina, who came running to Asuna, played the Red Knight greatly with the sword skill "Torrent" for knockback using the handle of the large sword. While helping Asuna, Solterina asked surprise in a hidden voice.

"The "sword of mind" now ... ... Asuna !?"

"Incarnation ... ...?"

Shake head a little to the word you listen for the first time.

"No, it is not me."

"Well ...... Renri is ... ...."

As Asuna chased the line of sight of Solterina turning around while saying that, the boy knight who was seriously injured was flying instructions to the troops to intercept the army of the approaching red knight, and he said that he was able to afford to keep Asuna very much I do not think so.

However, as long as we are looking for reasons for the phenomenon, we must first defend as many underworld people as possible.

Asuna stood up with the help of Solterina, inspiring the exhausted spirit and confirmed the circumstances.

And I felt something new despair came into my mind as it turned black and cold water.

More than 80% of players in China and Korea over ten thousand have already entered battle between ally. Even if it is said, the morale difference, the main faction is overwhelming the other players. Avatar disappearing here and there Blue light pillar of effect rises, every time a ferocious scream echoes.

In addition, some of the main factions ……There is little battle capability left for the Japanese, and the underworld people including the integrity knight Renri also are full of creation. Even if it says that there is an advantage of sacred art and sword skill, I do not think it can be repulsed very much.

I can not find any words anymore, so I can only sit in the arm of Solterina.

With several echoes Loud laughter of the POH has arrived..

Beside the lying Kirito, the death god who left a large hole in his chest raised his right hand and a five-finger extended left hand holding the giant friendship kitchen knife at the highest and laughed with his upper body rebelled against him . One day the black clouds are huge swirls in the sky, resources of life which is dissipated in the battlefield are hung down on the tornado and are sucked into the body of POH.

To be precise, it is the right magic sword that absorbs resources. If we can destroy that, the energy supply to the owner will be cut off, the death god who lost the heart should die immediately.

However, the situation has already come to the point where even if one of the enemy commanders is defeated it can not be scooped. The mainist factions driven by PoH's inciting words and evil talent, even if the commander leaves, continues fighting until it kills Japanese and underworld people as a source of further anger I will. In the case of

_How should I act? What to do?_

Asuna aroused by frustration and despair, she noticed a strange phenomenon.

A white fog is drawing thin on the ground where dark gravel has been drawn until a while ago. While sliding like ribbons made of thin silk, they pass through the legs of Asuna and spread backwards. At the same time, a refreshing sweet scent tickles the nostrils.

_This ... ... The fragrance of the rose ...?_

Asuna and Solterina traced the mist ribbon with gaze.

And at the moment when I saw the source, I got a faint sigh from my lips.

"Ah……"

once again.

"Ah"

The source of fog was a young adolescent lying a few tens of meters away.

To be precise, it is a blue long sword, grasped with his left hand. The blade is broken from the middle, but the mist wraps the whole, it seems as if it emits light faintly.

"Kirito-kun"

At the same time Asuna calls the name of the person who loves more than anyone in the shivering voice.

In the case of

"That “sword of mind” ... ... Kirito’s ..."

Impressed, Solterina murmured alike.

The white fog reaches the feet of the Allied Chinese-Korean Army that surrounds the periphery, and it continues to spread still. Although they do not seem to be noticing in battle, they are already being swallowed by pure white ribbons around the knees. At last, it seemed that POH who kept on laughing also noticed something strange.

First of all, I stare at the footsteps and then see Kirito behind like it was played. Do not make a tall person strong for a moment, if you rotate a friend knife kitchen knife on the right and grip it with a rush, it gets to a great deal of trouble.

One step. Two steps.

However, there was no such thing as the third step being taken.

It sounds like a whisper, across the battlefield, like a watching ... ... but a certain voice reverberated.

“Enhance Armament”

It certainly was the voice of Kirito, but it was also thought that another male from someone who did not hear was heavy, as it sounded in the head of Asuna.

Next moment.

A tremendous scale - a super phenomenon that is comparable to Stasia 's terrain manipulation - wrapped the entire battlefield.

Among the white fogs, the blue vine of ice grew, and more than ten thousand Chinese, Korean players, and the body of POH entwined. The players who had fought fierce fighting, even though they seemed to be broken just by touching with their fingers, stopped moving instantly as though they had been casting the magic of time stop.

After short silence, surprise and anger voice came up, but it also decelerates quickly. The avatar wrapped around the vine of ice was covered with white frost while it watched and froze in a few seconds.

Asuna glanced at the red knight who came to help Klein behind the scenes, but he also became a statue of ice. However, I did not feel pain, the eyes peering into the back of the visor are gently closed. A technique to stop motion only without giving pain or suffering.

Turning around again, POH was also frosty white. Look at the face of Solterina and nod.

"Thank you, Rina-san ... ... I am OK."

When the female officer's hand gently departs, she steps quickly to Kirito while stepping on the frost covering the ground. From behind, I also follow Solterina and another girl, Ronnie, who ran from the human forces army.

Kirito who holds the sword broken with his left hand still has fallen down. But Asuna knew. Indeed, at this moment, the heart of Kirito is about to revive. Touch your hands, hug you, call, if you call me back. Tightly. Tightly.

A distance of only tens of meters is as far as the end of the earth. Just ten seconds, as long as eternity. However, every time I move my exhausted legs hard, the figure of a loved one gradually grows little by little.

Look, you can reach it in slightly more.

Asuna's stretched out right hand, trying to touch old-fashioned black hair, that moment.

A sharp crushing sound roared as if I could catch the eardrum.

Asuna who looked at the face quickly saw it.

It was a figure of a god of death who shattered white frost and ice vine into pieces and stepped one step fiercely.

While fluttering the black poncho's hem like a demonic wing, POH shouted like a crackling bell.

"Tired of waiting ... ...! Now, let's dance ... Kirito!"

To the best of Asuna's knowledge, POH who called its name for the first time through the former SAO era jumped like a monster, swinging a friend knife in his right hand.

While wearing a red - black death -A terrible thick blade falls until it is terrible. It is not Kirito that is aimed at, but also Asuna.

"You should not……!"

It was Solterina, who first came out quickly, held the long sword wounded with scars overhead and tried to pick up the blow of the god of death.

However, the magical sword that got enormous up to nearly triple the original did not touch the blade, but crushed Solterina's sword into two with only the aura that stuck together.

By the impact, the chief director collapses behind. Asuna and Ronnie desperately support the back.

A fatal slash closes to the three people who are lumping on the ground.

Kiiiiii——n!

A terrible impulsive sound occurred, and Asuna made a butterfly rush.

But the knife blade has not arrived. I am trembling in the air that I crashed into a transparent barrier. It is the same phenomenon that protected the Asuna from the red knight's attack as before.

This time, Asuna also felt. It is warm, reliable, nostalgic feeling protected by both arms. Just before the barrier, I could see something glittering a bit. It was drawn in the air with grain of light gold, it spread the five fingers steadily - right hand.

It was then, and a faint sound was heard.

As if slowly sucked in, Asuna turned to see on the left.

Kirito lying downwards strikes the ground with a left hand, with a white sword broken from the middle.

As a result of that, the body that touched slowly starts to get up slowly.

The black sleeve, the right sleeve with no contents shook in the wind. No, not. While gradually recovering the bulge, approaching toward the right hand of the vision that supports the barrier forward.

The moment when the cuffs and phantom hands touch.

The golden glow bursted and scattered the red-black aura swirling across the barrier. Barriers hit the body of POH violently as it was and bounced back to the rear.

When the brilliance faded, what Asuna saw in the eye was the right hand that regained completely. I traced back my somewhat sluggish arm with my line of sight, passing by my shoulder - and Asuna saw.

A slightly long bang, shaking in a breeze. A calm smiley lips. And two black eyes looking back from the same height.

The lips moved, that voice called a name.

"I’m home, Asuna"

I could not stop the tears from both eyes one after another, thin from the throat and the high sound leaked. Grasping both hands in front of my chest, Asuna voiced the feeling of overflowing.

"...... Welcome back, Kirito-kun"

Then I also call Solterina and Ronie at the same time.

"Kirito ...." "Kirito-senpai"

While smiling, they nodded deeply, and Kirito returned his gaze to the front. Strictness returns to profile.

POH which was bounced off more than 10 meters was just about to rise with a movement that does not feel gravity again.

The players in China and South Korea who had entered into full-scale squabbing are supposed to have stopped the generation of new spatial resources because they are all wrapped with frozen ice vines and everyone has been frozen, but in the sky still black clouds It swirls like a living thing, POH knife seems to continue to absorb resources. If we do not destroy the magical sword of all, the death god will never stop.

Kirito who stood up a little behind the POH, staggered for a moment but stopped stepping on. Asuna desperately tolerated the urge to rush to support the body. Because I do not have the power to walk satisfactorily myself, even if I break into the clouds, I will only be in my feet. I believe in Kirito now. Just believing is supposed to be power.

When lifting up the right hand that Kirito regenerated, the longest sword of black darkness which had been rolling in a remote place got out of the sheath by itself, lifted up without sounds and fell into the palm.

The shape is different from the former love sword "Interpreter" and the white sword on the left is broken from the middle, but still that figure with white and black swords is defending, guiding and fighting Asuna from the day that we met It was no other than "Black Swordsman" who gave me power.

From the white long sword on the left hand side, cold air including sparkle like diamond dust continues to be released. Although it still maintains the transcendent technique which froze over 20,000 players instantly, still quiet profile of Kirito does not feel it. As if someone came close to each other, giving power.

I looked at Kirito who Hanging the two swords walked up slowly, with POH looking at the twinning shining red from behind the hood. He spreads his hands not to mention that he welcomes, and speaks words while exposing the large chest.

"...... you finally awakened. Since when was I looking at face like this ...?"

In the voice of the god of death like scratching a stubborn metal, Kirito responded with a voice with a cold squeakiness in a stupid, reminiscent of the Incrad era.

"Well, I forgot, but this is certainly the last time."

“Phew”, POH whistled, "Okay ... Best of the tower, Kirito ... Come on ... continue, are not you going to continue the show time that was interrupted by Incrad?"

He lifts friendship kitchen knife, which has been enlarged more than three times and converted to Great Knife, with one right hand. The black clouds above the sky are swirling violently and a red-black spark creeps around a thick iron mass.

Kirito confronts himself immediately sprinkling a black long sword on his right hand.

However, the moment the sword reached the peak, the shaky shake swayed again as if the thin body was unable to withstand the weight of the weapon.

Asuna understands that the world of this underworld is not just a VRMMO world of the standard of the seeds. All objects are "mnemonic visual data" - i.e. the memory itself, interference by images can occur.

Integrity knight Alice said that Kirito had been in a state of mental loss for nearly six months in this world where time has been accelerated. Whether or not there is memories during that time is unknown, but you should understand that you were almost bedridden. Perhaps the image that I am declining has weakened the body of Kirito in reality.

No, it may not be just that.

Higa Takeru of RATH explained the reason why Kirito's subject — the self-image — was destroyed as follows.

“Apparently Kirito seemed to have some collaborators, that is, companions. In the battle with the Church of Axiom, his colleagues almost died, and as a result, he was blaming himself violently when he succeeded in opening a line to here. In other words, he was attacking their own fluctlight himself. In the meantime, the black men cut off the power line and the surge current generated by the short instantly raised the output of the STL. As a result, Kirito 's self - destructive impulses became reality, inactivating his "ego"”.

Although it was hard to swallow quickly, in the end, Kirito lost an important person in this world. The sadness was so big that his heart broke. Asuna already knows the person's name. A name that came out repeatedly overnight in the tent by Alice, Ronie, and by Soltielina. Advanced senior swordsman Yujio.

Kirito has regained its mind by some miracle and still can not accept the parting with Yujio. A sadness that is not healed, shadow drops to the heart ... ... and to the body.

_... ... Kirito._

Asuna called in the mind while watching the standing figure of a black sword.

_No matter how hard you and sorrowful you are ... ... It can not be imagined by me now. But, I can say only this._

_Your precious friends are still alive in my heart. Just like Yuki lives in me. That memories will surely give you strength. Once again take the sword and have the power to fight._

Like the power that Asuna's thoughts conveyed as voice.

Kirito held the black sword with his right hand, grabbed a broken white sword, lifted the left hand and pressed it against his chest.

Seeing the gesture as a gap, POH moved.

Instantly tilt the tall body forward, or instantly fill the distance of ten meters, as if sliding on the ground full of debris. He sweeps the Onata (Silent Hill -> Great Knife -> CH -> JP) with the movement that doesn’t suggest any weight.

Kirito tried to take it with a sword in his right instead of step avoidance. However, the sharpness that was delivered had been lost in the former sharpness as seen from the eye of Asuna.

The long sword that collided with Onata gave me a chance to escape from being spared, but I could not bring it to the obligations of five minutes, and it got pushed from directly above. Kirito's knee broke to the ground, his back bowed. Boots stepping on the ground slide backwards for more than 30 cm.

"...... Hey hey, do not let it go on ... I have been waiting for you this day for nearly two years ....?

If you whispered in a loud voice, the death god of black poncho put a left hand on the handle of a friend cut knife like a blade as well as a blade.

The contact point squeezed with “giggitsu” (sound), Kirito's knee further sunk. If I shift to both hands as well as PoH ... I think, a white sword is held on the left hand of Kirito. Moreover, since it is broken in two, it can not attack it.

In the depths of the god of death's hood, the thick lips are martially distorted. Little by little, but the steadily decreasing blade of Onata approaches Kirito's neck.

"... ... Kirito ...!!"

Solterina whispered in a hoarse voice tried to get up with a broken long sword.

Asuna pressed down her left shoulder.

"All right, Rina-san."

Whispering to the female deputy chief who was a leader of Kirito at the fencing school of the human world while suppressing her own fear.

"Kirito is okay ... He will not lose to such a guy ... absolutely"

On the contrary, Ronnie who Kirito was the leader, nods while holding both tears in both eyes.

"Yes, Kirito-senpai will not lose to him"

"... ... That's right."

Solterina answered so strongly, grasping the hands of Asuna who was on the shoulder.

But shortly afterwards.

As if laughing at the conviction similar to the three prayers, PoH pushed the friend cut knife a lot. Kirito pushes the left knee to the ground. The right arm supporting the black sword trembles with trembling, and it makes us feel that the limit is close. PoH approached her face again, on the face of Kirito who ties her teeth.

"... .... Nasty, discard that debris sword and use your left hand. And they freeze the frozen Chinese and Korean fellows have killed each other of you, when you know that these guys will kill each other Is not that true? "

To the whispering of the devil — Kirito repented coldly while resisting the pressure.

"I know your gimmick well, I will confront humans, sow seeds of hatred, cause the next fight.

In SAO era I was scattered and scratched by his hands, but in this underworld, I will not let you do like ... ... absolutely "

"Who ... ... what will they do?" The people will survive the Japanese survivors and dissolve your important underworld people if the water melts There is no choice but to kill them to prevent it. You can split off from one end while you are laying it in. You ought to be able to do it if you are a friend of yours ... Come on, give me an order ... kill the guys in China and South Korea and kill them. "

"............"

Kirito did not respond to poisonous fingers.

PoH's wicked plot was able to be perceived as an asian as well.

Chinese Korean players who are frozen by ice vines are not feeling any pain at the present time, but if you break it up, you will have tremendous pain. Pain calls for anger and will decisive hostility towards their Japanese players.

At the same time, PoH can suck up a large amount of resources released into the space by the death of the Chinese-Korean player with a friend knife. You can have the power enough to annihilate the remaining Japanese fighters and underworld people who have won the fight against Kirito.

Kirito, who ought to understand it, can not get on the incentive of PoH. However, in order to avoid decisive catastrophe, it is only necessary to maintain massive freezing by the sword of the left hand, which makes the fight with the enemies more difficult.

Every time the right hand shaking the Onata trembles, the sparks are scattered from the contact point. The blade of Onata keeps descending steadily and there are only two fists to the left shoulder of Kirito.

"... Well, if you want to put on a nerve and die, that is good"

PoH said with a laugh smiling widely.

"Do not worry — after killing you, "Flash" and the rest of the guys will be caught in the coffin all by themselves"

In the back of the hood, the god of death of God of death glows red like a big fire. Bones visible through ripped cheeks, and a fang tooth peeped.

"Come on ... ... let me taste your blood and life, Kirito"

I licked my lips with a sharp pointed tongue like a reptile, and PoH put in my hands the power to hold my friend knives in both hands. A black sword screams gently and a lethal blade approaches a centimeter a second at a time -.

Unexpectedly, a slight faint prayer voice sounded just behind Asna.

"Please, Yujio-senpai, help Kirito-senpai"

Three people who looked back were redheaded girl – Tiese holding hands in front of their chests. At the moment, Asuna certainly felt. The hair of Tiese is spreading fluently, and the waves similar to the gentle wind are released.

I look forward again.

A friendship kitchen knife that had turned into Onata was just touching Kirito's left shoulder.

Only by that it was torn apart so that the fabric of black shirt could play. Subsequently, I felt the sight of Kirito's blood, and Asuna stuffed my breath.

However.

So the descent of friendship kitchen knife stopped.

On the contrary, it gradually gets pushed back little by little, but surely. Such a force is lost to anywhere on the right arm of Kirito who is exhausted, exhausted ......

"Ah ... ...."

It was Ronnier or Soltyirina who gave a close voice.

At the same time Asnas saw it. Another hand transparent to the gold color is gripping firmly the handle of the black sword.

Slightly behind, Kirito was aware of his skill. Spread both eyes, then distort the face with comb. Tears seeped in the outer corner of the eyes, scattering as light grains scatter.

My lips moved small, but I could not catch the voice.

But immediately after.

"Oh ... oh oh !!"

The spirit of the fissure caught from the throat of Kirito and repelled the friend cut knife violently. The PoH which was bounced up in both arms turns back while revealing the murmur.

Suddenly Kurito stood up quickly from the posture of one knee standing. Shout at least a broken sword on your left.

"Release • Recollection !!"

The dazzling flash exploded and dyed the world into pure white. As PoH does not hate light, PoH retreats further while holding one hand in front of the face.

While narrowing my eyes, Asuna saw.

The blade of the white sword, which had been broken away from the midst of the mind, is regenerated as if the light itself aggregated and crystallized.

A sword that regained its original appearance in just a few seconds shines intensely.

Shiyubatsu!! (chimes) And the sound flickers spread.

After a momentary silence, thousands, tens of thousands of bells trembled throughout the battlefield sounded pure and magnificent sounds. The four including Asuna who moved their eyes opened their eyes wide of their eyes.

Numerous flowers are blooming in the body of VRMMO players in China and Korea who were frozen white. A clear blue rose that seems to have carved out from the lapis lazuli.

The large flowers rose in bloom, and began to release silver particles from their flower centers. Asuna intuited that it was a pure life resource ... ... that is, the HP of players.

Players who were going to be furious just a few minutes ago and players who were trying to kill each other are wrapped in a pillar of light, one person, one person, and another will remain disappearing as if to sleep. There is neither pain nor suffering, the quietest forced logout as far as possible.

The species of hatred that PoH tried to plant in Chinese-Korean players will not germinate at this.

"Motherfucker ... ... doing funny things ...!!"

The god of death who was defeated the prospect harshly announced, but immediately regained an undesirable smile, and raised the giant of the right hand.

Looking at its behavior, Asuna noticed PoH's aim.

Now, on this battlefield, the life resources emitted by countless blue roses - holy powers are drifting densely in the style of underworld. I try to make it all my own with friendship knives with resource absorption capabilities.

"Kirito-kun ... ... ... ...!"

While trembling, Asuna suffocated and called the name of the thought.

_The Japanese player who was killed in the previous battle, sucking about the life of about 1,000 people, the PoH kitchen knife has tripled and it exerts the power equal to or higher than that of Stasia's GM equipment . Ten times that, if you take the lives of ten thousand people, PoH becomes a real demon ... ... It becomes a demon king. If Kirito can not move during the exercise of a large scale operation, Asuna should help -._

However, it was time to whip up on the withered leg and to stand up.

The way it is ... it looks like ...... Hey.

The voice of Yuuki who thought it had disappeared, like the breeze blew back my ear.

At the same time Asuna noticed. The silver-colored light that gathered in the air and turned into several ribbons completely ignored PoH's friendship kitchen knife. No matter how deeply God pushed up the Demon Sword, there was no sign of approaching.

Again, a faint sound.

_Asuna was saying that. Life carries the mind and tells it._

_Even people in various countries gathered in this world, I really do not want to kill each other._

_Everything wishes the same. The throbbing, exciting world ... I want to go to a world that is beautiful, fun, happy, like fairy country me and Asuna met ... ... that's all._

"... Yeah, that's right, Yuki"

Asuna's dazzling dazzle has become an indispensable thing.

Kirito kept the white sword completely regenerated as it was and the black sword on his right hand side quickly passed over to the sky. The swirling black cloud that PoH called is diffusing while rotating inversely. From the blue sky that peeped in the center a bit, the golden sunlight gushed down and made the sword of the black sword sparkle like a black crystal.

"Release • Recollection"

Kirito invited the same command as before to stop himself this time.

Numerous silvery ribbons slowly flowing through the battlefield sky began to be sucked into the black sword while fighting each other.

"Suck !!"

PoH who sweared in English uttered a stroke of friendship kitchen knife as opposed to it. But Ribbon avoids the Evil sword as if he had his own will and fuses with the Kirito sword one after another.

"... Yujio senpai said that Kirito's black sword was a big black cedar tree originally born to the northern end of the human world."

In the back of Asuna, Teise said with a trembling voice. Immediately, as Solterina got his mind, she nods.

"Okay ... ... So, the power to inhale the divine power ... ...."

The words and the whispers of the earlier Yuki melt in their heads, and the Asuna finally realized the meaning that it is occurring in front of me.

Even if Kirito 's black sword has the ability to absorb resources, why does PoH' s friend knife that should have the same power fail to absorb the resources released by blue rose at all? That is because the power of kitchen knife is not "sucking out life" but "sucking death".

PoH himself was saying. Friend cut knife is that it becomes strong enough to kill a player ... ... if you kill a human being. If that imagination of the owner had given the magical sword the ability to absorb resources, even though I could eat the "death resource" released by the terrible killings, I could die by the power of the white sword It does not absorb the "resource of life" directly released without passing through.

But Kirito's black sword is different. If it was originally a tree growing up with the power of the earth and the sun, you should have the power to suck life, the sword, and the imagination of the owner.

The white sword on the left froze a wide range of objects and unleash their lives in the air.

The black sword on the right hand absorbs life force from the surrounding space and turns it into energy.



