## Part 7.

I merely snapped myself slightly in the classroom, but I felt like I had a very long dream.

It is fun, painful, sad dream. I try to remember the contents while walking in an unattended corridor, but I can not recall any way.

Give it up, change the shoes at the entrance.

When I left the school gate, a cool dry autumn wind rocked the bangs which were a little too long.

I put a commuter bag on my left shoulder and put my hands in my student pants pocket and I started walking down and down.

In front, the students at the same school are chatting lively. In order to block the conversation overflowing with dreams and hope, love and friendship, deeply screw the audio player's earphone into both ears, trace back home by rolling back.

Check all game information magazines released this week at convenience stores on the way and buy the special page of "Sword Art • Online" formal service which will be launched in about a month after selecting the most frequent one. In addition, somewhat charge the electronic money account for online games.

Although I can save this trouble if I have credit cards, if I consulted my mother implicitly, I was dismissed as being unfavorable until I became a college student. However, even if only giving me monthly spending money that I am not a real child, I am grateful, so I have no complaints about her judgment.

We are going to abolish the cash soon, let's digitize it completely ... etc ... while passing through the automatic door and go outside the store.

Then, I noticed that a group of five people who were not at the time of entering the store sitting in a corner of the parking lot. Perhaps they surrounded them while concentrating on the magazine, around their surroundings that made a faint laughter, bags of snacks, sweet buns, were scattered.

From the uniform I took the students at the same junior high school, but at that time I ignored and tried to leave.

One of the group has turned his eyes to devour.

The boy student who is as small as the elementary school student is not like a student clothes class, but the class is different but the face is known ... ... No, until a certain time it was a friend.

He was also participating in Sword Art • Online Beta Test, which was held during the summer vacation.

It was miraculous that there were two prizes in the same grade of the same junior high school at a narrow gate nationwide which was a thousand people. Anyway, this kind of sociable zero is listening to rumors and wanting to contact us from here.

The interaction with him started just before the summer vacation, and the summer vacation - exactly ended at the end of the SAO 's beta test. While I was testing, I had a party in the virtual game world once every three days and I was getting along as it was, but as soon as I met my face at school for the first time since the beginning of the second semester, my strange relation - the habit of thinking that "who really is this guy who is supposed to be" to the person who should be familiar in front of himself has gone out.

I feel like someone who is unknown in someone who is supposed to be a living human being. Then, you can not get along with your heart. Even for parents and sister, sometimes it is.

He seemed to want to keep socializing with her in SAO 's official service in October and in real world schools, but eventually I took my attitude and went away. After that, why does not he have exchanged words, why is he hanging out at a parking lot of a convenience store with students in a category that seems quite far from?

The reason was revealed by his stingy eyes and the words that male students of the purine head next to me threw.

"Oh yeah Tamee, what are you looking at?"

Immediately, the remaining three people also give a voice of intimidating "ur?" Which is "A?" While eyebrows are brought down or refracting.

In the end he is watching the "Yanchaing system" group of classes, he is being hooked or being being pursued. And I asked for help with my eyes.

Let's go home together, it was okay with only a word of. But my bros will absolutely not move.

I managed to push it out of my throat as if glued,

It was only the glaring dazzle. And I abandoned my friend up to a month ago and started walking again. He did not say anything, but it seemed at the edge of sight that the young face distorted like it was about to burst out.

As soon as you leave the premises of a convenience store, walk down the street with the back curled up the road where the color of dusk deepens. Walking just walking while watching only asphalt as it is, thinking nothing, walking.

The sun set behind sinks with a terrible momentum, the city is quickly surrounded by purple darkness. The lower school road that I should get used to is felt like a totally unfamiliar place. Only my footsteps echo on the road where neither people nor cars pass.

Flap, flap, flap ... ..., swish, swish, swish.

"Hey ... ...."

I stopped. Before we knew, the foot was changed from asphalt to thin and short grass. I wonder if there was such an unpaved place on the school road and I will raise my face.

Then, what jumped into my eyes was not a living road of Kawagoe City, Saitama Prefecture, but a path through a deep forest where I could not know anywhere.

After looking around for a while, I look at my body.

The black student clothes that were supposed to have worn disappeared, changed to indigo Tunic and leather armor. A leather glove with fingering hands on both hands and a shoes boots with metal rivets on the feet. And on the back, instead of a shoulder bag for going to school, a short but heavy, heavy sword.

"Where is this……?"

I glared, but I will not answer. Shrug the shoulders and start walking down the path in the forest.

Within a minute I was inspired by memory chatter. The shape of an old tree stretching twisted branches, the feeling of undergrowth of an ankle. This is in the woods spreading northwest of the first floating castle Incrad, "the beginning city". Then, if you proceed this way, there should be a village of horn power.

Go to the village as soon as possible and stay in the inn. I want to go to bed now. I do not think about anything, I want to sleep again.

Only the dusk moonlight walks in the bottom of the forest floating in blue.

Suddenly, I felt I could hear a screaming scream.

Stop for a moment and start walking again. The grove is cut off on the right side of the front, and the blue moonlight is inserted in the path. Once again, someone's screams are heard. Moreover, the groaning voice of a creepy monster.

Go ahead and walk towards the end of the trees. Gently look into the far side of the thick trunk.

There was a large vacant lot like a circular stage. While being illuminated by pale light, bizarre shadow paintings are invading.

Plant-type monsters reminiscent of a huge Tsubo-kazura have five or six animals, a wavy tentacle rustling. What is surrounded is a young man who looked the same as me. I swing swords very hard, but the tentacle of monsters grows up even if I slash or slash.

I knew the profile of a man.

It was a party with me to collect and collect the items that plant type monster dropped. The name is ... ... Kopel. But why are they surrounded by so many monsters?

Whatever the reason, I'm a friend, so I have to help.

I think so, but my legs will not move again this time. As if roots grew on the ground, we could not move forward one step.

The feet are paid off by the tentacles that hit from the back, and Koppel collapses in the grass. Monsters closely approach Koppel while opening and closing the bowls to which human beings have grown.

Koppel with the expression of despair stretched his left hand against me.

But its appearance was quickly hidden by a group of monsters, a little, a small crushing sound and a blue light rose.

"Ah……"

When groaning with a loud voice, I gently departed to the point of forsaking a friend in front of a convenience store.

While looking at only the grass of your feet, you stand up with the rush of. Change the direction of the body and start walking on a narrow road. Only my footsteps echo in the Moon Night Forest.

Swish, swish, swish...... Stomp, stomp, stomp.

I will stop. Before I knew it, my legs changed from a short grass to a bluish stone block.

As I raised my face, it was not a forest of a further Incrad, it was a dark passageway anywhere. Perhaps it is somewhere in the labyrinth ... ... But from the appearance, I do not know how many layers of labyrinth are. Tomorrow is the only way forward.

Keep walking in a straight line without any consciousness of the whole body equipment and the sword of the back being changed. Walk walking, walking just like chasing your own shadow created by the wall lantern.

In the labyrinth of District of Incrad, the diameter is about 300 meters at most and there is no way to have such a long straight line, but I keep keeping my legs moving without stopping or turning around.

Suddenly, I felt that a faint voice was heard from my way.

It is not a scream but a joyful scream. Plus, there are several cheers.

It was a voice that I felt nostalgic somewhere. Hurrying to the source of voice while walking a little earlier. Eventually we saw a square entrance where a warm yellow light got on the wall on the front left side. For some reason moving the legs that feel heavy, get to the entrance.

Looking into the inside of the aisle, it was a little wider room. At the back of the wall, four players are turning their backs.

Without looking at the face, I immediately understood who they were.

The curly hair spear wearing a strange hat is Sasamaru.

A tall shield and a mace use are Tetuo.

Petite dagger use wearing a knit cap is Ducker.

And a girl with a short hair equipped with a shirt spear ... ... Sachi.

Everyone, a member of the guild to which I belong. While the leader's keeper went to player home buying negotiations, he came to this labyrinth ward to earn interior costs.

OK, were they all okay?

While thinking such a thing for a while, I will try to call out to my colleagues, but again mouth does not move. Legs also stuck to the floor and can not be burned.

Four people will bend their upper body at the end of my eyes that stands standing. They are looking into the big treasure box placed on the wall. As soon as I noticed it, chill runs and chills on my back.

Thief's Ducker tries to get on the treasure box and tries to release the trap.

_No. Stop. No._

I shout many times in my heart, but it does not make a voice. I try to jump into the room, but my legs do not move.

Ducker vigorously opens the lid of the treasure box.

As soon as you hear a deafening alarm sound, the door hidden on the left and right walls of the room opens. From behind, a myriad of monsters hungry on the blood jumps into the straw.

"Ah……!"

From my throat, broken, cracked scream leaked.

That was it. The body does not move one finger, you can only watch the fellows surrounded by monsters.

It was Sasamaru who first died. Ducker then broke up further as Tetsuo became a blue particle, and the one that was left alone turned around and looked at me.

A sadly smiling smelling lips moved small.

At the next moment, monsters' weapons and claws rushed down and the delicate body wrapped with blue light.

"... ...!"

In the presence of my eyes that pry out silent screams, Sachi also disappeared as countless glass pieces.

Dozens of monsters also disappear like they melt in the air, and the room is wrapped in darkness.

I finally kneel down on the spot where I finally started to move.

I do not want it anymore. I do not want to walk any further. I do not want to see anything.

Collapse on the cold floor, close both ears and tightly close the eyelids. However, after a while I get memories from cold water, without mercy, and swallow me.

Days of battle over two years in the floating castle of steel.

Endless sky aimed at the fairy country.

Crimson bullets flying across the dusk 's wilderness.

I do not want to recall anymore. I do not want to know the future.

Desperately so appeal, but the torrent of memory stays without staying.

Suddenly separated from the real world.

Wake up in a vacant lot surrounded by a deep forest.

I walked to be guided by the sound of the ax and at the base of the huge tree I reached I met him. Battle with the Goblin. A huge tree cut down.

A long journey aiming at the center of the world. Two years have passed since the practice at the academy.

He was always next to me. He was laughing calmly.

I could have done anything with him.

I got out of the dungeon, ran up the chalky tower, defeated the enemy one after another.

At last it reached the summit,

Exchange the sword with the ruler of the world,

At the end of a long and painful fight,

He, his, Life ......

"Uoo ...... Uaaaaaaaa ... ...!"

I held my head with both hands and screamed.

It's me. My helplessness, my foolishness, my weakness killed him. Blood must flow, blood flowed, and lives that should not be lost were lost.

I should have died. I have only the life of the riddle. If mine and his roles are reversed, there should have been no problem.

"Aaa ...... aa ... ...!"

Screaming, searching for the sword that is supposed to be on the back, while striking. To pierce your heart and to break the neck.

However, I do not touch anything with my fingertips. I will explore the surroundings thinking I dropped it, but just spreading black mucus spreading just like it.

I torn the chest of the black shirt with both hands.

Put your fingertip of the right hand bent in the center of the chest, clenched on your claws.

Skin breaks, meat tears off, but pain does not feel anything. I keep punching my chest with both hands. To gouge and squeeze the heart.

That's the only thing I can do for him ... and for the people I have betrayed and abandoned so far, the last ............

"Kirito-kun……"

Suddenly, someone called my name.

I stopped my hand and lifted a vague gaze.

Beyond the dark, a girl with maroon hair was standing alone.

I wet the eyes of the hazel-colored eyes and stare at me carelessly.

"Kirito ..."

Along with a new voice, another girl on glasses wearing glasses appeared on the right side. It also shines tear drops in the eyes of the back of the lens.


 "Onii-chan ... ..."

And one more person.

A girl who cuts black hair and immediately cuts it out of her big eyes and overflows her tears.

The intention and emotion of the two girls shine with light and flow into me.

The warmth like a sunbather heals my wounds and tries to melt the sorrow.

— But.

But ... Oh, but.

I do not have the right to receive this forgiveness.

"Sorry"

I heard that such words would be spilled out of my own mouth.

"I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I am sorry, I can not stand it anymore, I can not fight anymore.

And I tried to squeeze the heart which emerged from my chest in my mind.

***

"Why ... ... why are you, Kirito!?"

Higa Takeru cried out with a hoarse voice, clapping her consciously with the blood that continues to overflow from the gunshot wrestling with his right shoulder, as he seems to be far away.

Three souls connected by Asuna Yuki, Asada Shino, Kirigaya Suguha connect with huge mnemonic data to complement the damaged fluctlight of Kirigaya Kazuto from the translator. Higa has been doing a lot of experiments so far, It can not help but be surprised, even a miracle amount of data.

However, the 3D graph showing Japanese fluctlight activity displayed on the upper left of the monitor of the mobile terminal is stopped just before the function recovery line.

"This still is ... ... is not enough ...?"

Higa moaned.

Kirigaya Kazuto's recovering "subject" — self-image is not real in this way, it only links with the painful memory that hurts him, and it will not be able to return from there. What I'm waiting is a nightmare that keeps refraining forever. In this way, it can be asserted that it is more happy to have been out of order.

At least, one more person.

Another person, if there is a person who has a deep scratch with Japanese people and accumulates a strong image! However, per Kikuoka Seichiro-san, three girls who are connected now are definitely human beings who know and love the most Kirigaya Kazuto in the whole world. Besides, there are no more than 6 STLs that can be used either in the RATH trees branch or Ocean Turtle.

"Damn it ... damn ......"

Higa bound the back teeth and grabbed the right fist just as he hit the wall of the duct.

But quickly opened up his hand.

"... .... What is ......? This connection ... ...?"

While murmuring, bring glasses dirty with blood and sweat closer to the terminal.

I did not notice until now, but in addition to the three lines from the girls' STL in the window showing the state of the fluctlight of Kirigaya Kazuto another one - a very thin one extending from outside the lower part of the image I found a gray line.

Take the index finger of the right hand to touch the touch panel and flick upward, as you can draw in. The screen scrolls and the destination of the gray line becomes clear.

"... From the Main Visualizer! Why ...?!?"

In the case of

I also forgot that I was seriously injured, Higa shouted.

The Main Visualizer is a huge data storage in the heart of a light cube cluster that stores the soul of the underworld people.

What is preserved there is an object such as the topography, buildings, tools, etc. which make up the underworld to the last, and there must be no soul of any person.

However —.

"Object ...... Object as memory ... ...."

While Higa rotated thinking at full speed, he uttered an unconscious word.

"The memories in Fluctlights and Underworld objects are the same as the data format ... ... if someone burns their intention or thought into some object ... ... it acts as a pseudo-essence ... ... Is there a ...?

Higa was half-trusted while keeping her guessing so. If such a thing is possible, underworld will be able to control objects without life with only the owner's intention.

But now this thin, unreliable connection line seems to be just one hope.

What happened — Higa could not guess at all whether the situation improved or deteriorated, but still he thought and decided to go from the Main Visualizer to the Japanese STL We opened a line connected with.

***

"Kirito"

Heart is destroyed, just before it.

A new voice called my name. Powerful, warm, wrapped, its voice.

"Kirito"

I slowly raised my face slowly I saw it.

it was his figure standing firmly with the two legs in the place where infinite dark brown had spread Until a while ago. 

There is no stain on blue clothes. Flax hair curls gently in the darkness, a gentle smile floats on the lips.

And in the eyes of the deep green, as usual it was just filled with gentle and powerful light.

I got up and released my hands from the chest where the wounds had disappeared before I reached it. Soon my voice calling his name rushed through my lips.

"... ... Yujio"

once again.

"Were you alive, Yujio?"

Yujio is my best friend and the best companion.

He smudged a little sorrow of the smile and gently shake her head.

"This is the memory of myself in you, and the piece of memory that I left."

"Memory ... ... ... ..."

"Did you forget it already? At that time, we were convinced, the memories are ..."

Yujio spread his right hand and pushes it against his chest.

"……It is here"

I also performed exactly the same behavior as a mirror image and kept on with words.

"Forever, here it is"

Again, Asuna came forward next to Yujio who smiled and smiled, and said.

"We and Kirito are always caught in our hearts"

Shinon that progressed to the other side rocked the hair tied in the side of his face and nodded.

"Even if you are far away ...... Even if someday farewell comes"

Next to that, Leafa popped out quickly broke in a self-confessed voice

"Memories and feelings will continue to rain forever, are not they?"

Finally, hot and clear drops overflowed from my eyes.

I stepped forward one step, I looked into the eyes of my eternal best friend hard.

"Is it okay ... ... Yujio ... even if I start walking again ...?

The answer was prompt and it was unwavering.

"Ok, Kirito, a lot of people are waiting for you ... Come on ... let's go, together, everywhere"

The hands presented from each other were in touch. There, Asuna and Shinon, the hands of Leafa were also stacked. At the moment, the four people in front of us were the waves of white light and flowed into me.

And —.

