## Part 2

_He catches up._

Alice looking backwards on the saddle of the Amayuri shaved small lips.

The ominous black spots floating in the red sky are definitely larger than five minutes ago. Not the speed of the enemy increased, but the Amayuri and Takiguri are finally running out.

Naturally it is close to a miracle that she worked hard so far rather than to say - he kept flying without having to rest. From the central capital Centoria to the last mountain range, that is, a distance several times larger than the radius of the human world, we moved in a half day. Both heads are obviously continuing their marginal flight while intensely consuming our Life.

However, why do not those pursuers get exhausted as soon as?

It was confirmed by hyperopia with crystalloid, and seems to be on the back of a bizarre creature that is different from a dragon. I have never seen such creatures that only have to express as the wing 's raw disk, even in the human world as well as in the dark territory.

The archer, named Shinon, who came from the same "real world" as Kirito was saying. The pursuer is the dark territory emperor and the dark god Vector himself, his identity is a real world person in a position to hostile against Kirito and Shinon.

Emperor Vector once lost to the knight's sword of Bercouli - possibly the sacred treasure time sword release recollection technique. But with the new life he got down to this place again and chased Alice.

The anger that you can not forgive a bullshit "resuscitation" that ridicule the death of Bell Couri never vanishes.

But Alice found something to be done during a single flight.

If an enemy is said to be immortal in this world ——.

Before we kill it in real world.

For that reason, at any rate, we reach the "altar of the end".

Returning the line of sight to the front, it seems a little strange that cliffs of irreconcilable size climb up far beyond the red sky. It is a "wall of the end of the world" transmitted to Genesis myths. Unlike the mountain ranges of the human world that can be crossed over by the dragon, that cliff that surrounds the dark territory continues to infinite heights.

Before the cliff, nearly as high as Alice flies.

Only one small floating island is drifting.

It is impossible to guess what island that is shaped like a sharp cup at the bottom is floating in the empty space with any force.

As you close your eyes you can see some artificial structures in the center of the flat upper surface. It is probably the "altar of the end" that aims for. As the exit of the world, the entrance to Real World.

The remaining distance is cut off by 10 kiloliters, but unfortunately it will be slightly faster for Emperor Vector to catch up behind Alice than to arrive at the Alter.

Alice slowly breathed in and breathed.

Gently stroke the neck of love dragon with your right hand and order.

"Thank you for everything, Amayuri and Takiguri at the end so far, you should descend to the ground"

Two heads crowed with a weak voice, entered a spiral descent while lined up.

The underlying terrain has changed a bit ago into a cold dark gray desert. While drawing a long trajectory in the desert and continuing sand of the sea as if God got tired of the creation, the dragons landed halfway down.

Altering quickly jumped from the back of Amayuri that leaves the giant leaking voice from the back of the throat. Exploring the waist bag and taking out a small bottle of the remaining spirit remained.

Pour half of the blue liquid into the Amayuri's mouth that has become half open and pour the rest one drop into the mouth of the next brother dragon. Although it is a spirit made by an axiomatic church, it is totally insufficient to heal the enormous Life of the flying dragon, but still the power to take off once more should return.

Alice gently shriveled the under chin of the dragon's woolen hair with the left and right hands.

"Amayuri, Takiguri"

As soon as I called, tears floated in nature and both eyes. Continue it hard, keep on.

"Here is a farewell, the last command ... ... Fly to the human world, return to the dragon's nest in the western region, find the fellow Amayuri, Takiguri-san, find a bride, give birth to a lot of red and strong I will raise up to a child, strong one strong kids as long as I can catch another knight again. "

Unexpectedly, Amayuri lifted her head and licked Alice's lump.

Takiro got on the nose face on the right waist and sniffed the smell of the Eradrigue 's treasure instruments falling there.

Alpine ordered strongly as two brains released their heads.

"Go, come on! Do not look back, go straight on !!"

Come on!

The dragons raised their heads at the same time and they sang crowd.

When you make the giant stand up, start running in the direction of west straight without seeing behind. The widely spread wings plucked the wind in the desert, the fluffy and big body floated.

The brother and sister dragon fluttered strongly in the closeness that the tip of the wing touched, and took altitude at once.

And there ——.

Amayuri turned the long neck back.

A beautiful eyes like a crystal of love dragon saw Alice straight. A large droplet gathered at the edge, shining brilliantly and scattered in the sky.

"Ama...... yuri ...?"

Alice 's dazzle has not ended.

Flying dragon who returned the head direction and his elder brother, tilted the body to the right and turned direction at a sharp angle. It roars a violent roar and rises straight in line with the northern sky instead of the west. Aiming for a black pursuer, which is getting close enough to be clearly visible.

"No, no ... No Amayuri, no good!"

Alice screamed and ran.

However, the desert fine sand entangled in the boots.

At the end of the line of sight of Alice who fell down with his hands, Amayuri and Takiguri rushed to the high altitude that the immortal enemies awaited.

Silver scales shine like flames with red sunlight.

The sharp tusk - like doves open all the way.

As soon as the pursuer entered the range, Brothers and Sister dragons launched hot weapons, the largest weapon. The pure white light that penetrated the sky seemed as if the dragon's life itself was burning.

The enemy who rides on the back of a monster did not try to change the flight trajectory as if looking at the approaching ultra-high temperature flame.

