# Chapter 22 “The Decisive Battle” 
## Part 1
7th July 2026 / Human Calendar November 8th, year 380th 

"Damn !!"

Critter, an information warfare member of the Ocean•Turtle Raid Team, briefly scoffed at the view of the large monitor on the front of the console.

the aggregation of red dots which has reached 30 thousand At the maximum, rapidly disappears from the center toward the outside.

In other words, the VRMMO players in China and Korea that were put into underworld by the secret of Vasago are annihilated by some means and are automatically logged out.

At the center of the red circle, the human soldier displayed in blue and the white Japanese troops together remain on the scale of one thousand people. It is too big to ignore and it is even more dangerous if it is said that 1,000 people have the power to destroy 30,000 Chinese-Korean coalition forces.

"... ... what is this vagabond doing ...?"

Critter gazed at a point on the monitor while tapping tightly.

There is only one strongly shining red dot in the immediate vicinity of the Japanese troops. From the next STL room, it is Vasago who converted his own account and in the Dive. Even though you are near the enemy, it does not seem like moving from battle.

_You can not move, with prisoners, or something? Or is there still a power behind to manage a thousand enemy forces by itself?_

Critter kept the urge to Rush into the STL room now and wake up Vasago and shake the nape collapsing.

Under the current situation that the administrator's privilege on the underworld has been locked up, it is not possible to reset the account. In other words, if you forcibly log out Vasago, the account he is using now will never be used again. What is possible is only the operation of the time acceleration factor which is an isolated function from the seed program, but it is also necessary to carefully timed to do it.

After making a deep breath, Critter lowered the magnification of the map on the monitor.

Another red dot which is moving at high speed still in the southern part of the underworld. Captain of the attack team, Gabriel Miller.

The thing to think about now is whether he has secured Alice or at last the chief Miller being tracked, the possibility that the human forces army will catch up.

As a result of sending large numbers of players from the United States, China and South Korea, the southward movement of the human forces army was greatly hindered. Now Captain Miller is hundreds of miles ahead of the inside distance. Although it is a distance that can fly to Jet fighter as far as it is, it is hard to think that there is such thing in underworld. At most, it will be about winged biological units.

_They will not catch up with you._

Critter judged on a long thought of about three seconds.

Look at the clock on the left wrist. Nine o'clock in the morning of the 7th of July.

It is eight hours and twenty minutes until the afternoon six o'clock when the command force of the SDF comes in from the escort ship. Instructions left by Miller resumed acceleration for the rest of the eight hours - that is, at 10 a.m., but the players who gathered from the outside almost completely wiped out Now, the meaning of maintaining equal magnitude Absent.

Then, at this moment, you should accelerate the underworld time again to 1000 times, and captain Miller should earn time to secure Alice.

"Geez ... Hey, Vasago, I will step on it for a while now"

When talking to the red dot of the main battlefield which has not yet moved in a minute, the critter stretched his right hand to the lever for manipulating the fluctlight acceleration magnification.

I looked up the magnification slider on the main monitor, which works in conjunction with the lever, and the line of sight stops on the horizontal scale gradually.

Now the needle of the slider is at the bottom, at x1. From there the scales are cut in increments of x100, with a red divider drawn at x1000.

In fact, the scale continues even further above it, and it is delimited again at x1200. Apparently there seems to be a safe line when a living human being dives using STL.

However, the magnification slider still grows upwards, eventually reaching x5000. If human beings are not dive - the only people in the world who are fluctlights, the internal time can be accelerated to that point.

The time acceleration magnification is determined by operating a physical lever on the console and pushing a button with an open / close cover next to it. While careful not to touch the button, the critter slowly pushes up the side-gripping lever like the throttle lever of a ship or airplane.

The slider on the monitor rises smoothly, and the digital numbers are swiftly switched next to each other.

At x1000, the sense of resistance felt hard.

When it was pushed strongly, the lever moved further and stopped again at x1200. From there, there is no sign of moving any more, no matter how much power you put in.

"Oh no ..."

Critter was inspired by curiosity and gazed at the metal large lever.

As soon as I realized that next to the decision button there was a silver shining keyhole.

"I see"

I laugh with a single finger scratching my shaved head

The fact that the internal time safety limit is one thousand two hundred times is that the actual dangerous area should be a little over. 

It is not unlikely to try to release the safety device in case it is tight to the last minute.

The Critter turned around for each of the chairs snapped a finger pointing towards the members who just returned to the control room.

"Is anyone a picking specialist?"

***

_How soft it is ... it smells good ... ...._

I definitely had the best sleep in the past few months. Higa Takeru therefore resisted the limits to someone's voice trying to wake up desperately with his ear.

"...... Uh, Higa! Come on! Open your eyes, hey !!!"

_But, pleasant it is desperately pleasant. It's as if I am dying._

_No exaggeration would be too much exaggeration. It was barely stabbed, it was not even a shot ... It was ... ...._

"... .... Uoo!"

As consciousness awoke, memory suddenly revived, Higa opened up both eyes while crying.

Then, in front of us, there was a thirty men 's face that shone black eyeglasses.

"Wow!"

Shout again.

I tried to retreat reflexively, but my body does not care what to say. Instead, a tremendous pain ran to the right shoulder, Higa raised his third cry.

_That's it._

_I was shot at the cable duct by that man._

_Blood came out a lot but I decided not to look at it and prioritized the operation of STL. The fluctlight output of the three girls was directly linked to Kirigaya's STL, but it did not lead to awakening ... ... then, there was something ... ...._

"..., Kirito,"

While trying to keep away from the face of a glasses man looking into from a close range, Higa asked.

The answer was a voice of a woman with a refreshing feeling.

"Kirigaya's fluctlight activity has recovered completely, on the contrary, it is too active"

"That ... ... that, is it ...?"

Higa murmured with a sigh.

_It is just a miracle to recover Self-image from that state. And it is a miraculous matter that makes me live with that bleeding amount ......_

Thinking that way, I will check the location where I was once again placed.

It was on the floor of the subcontrol room, being lying down. The upper body is naked and the bandage on the right shoulder. Dropper on the left arm for transfusion.

And on the left side of the body, a glasses man Kikuoka Seijirou-san. On the right side, Dr. Koujiro Rinko who took off the white coat sits directly on the floor. In front of the catheter, Aki Natsuki sergeant first class who is a nurse qualified is exchanging a blood bag. She must have treated the wound.

When Higa returned his eyes, Kikuoka, which had been silent till now, breathed deeply and breathed out.

"Absolutely .... I should not be so unreasonable .... No, I was responsible for not knowing that the spy were at the technical staff ..."

Kikuoka's bangs are disturbed, and glasses lenses have traces of sweat drops. Rinko was sweating, apparently, it seems that the two of you had been engaged in the life-saving measures of Higa. Then, the favorable feeling felt in a dream is that time ....

……Hmm?

Which was the cardiac massage, which was population breathing?

Higa unexpectedly seemed to qualify it, but he hid himself in danger. There are truths that should not be pursued in the world.

Instead of saying another, many times important questions.

"Underworld is ... ... How is Alice?"

Kikuoka answered touching Higa's left shoulder lightly.

"All the players connected from the United States, China and South Korea have logged out - in particular, the number of players in China and South Korea has reached nearly 30,000, but ..."

"Eh ... ... They came from China and South Korea ?! Not as a reinforcement ... as an enemy !?:"

He tried to jump up in spite, and I panted hard from my right shoulder to the brain. The scolding voice of Aki Natsuki suddenly flies.

"Do not push yourself! The bullets have penetrated, but it is finally where the bleeding has stopped."

"Yes, ... ...."

Riko taught the situation when Higa got out of his body.

"...For China and Korea, we seem to have guided by using SNS to successfully dissent dissatisfaction and conflict of online gamers."

"Is that so……"

Higa sighed a little. There are also some motivations for Korean friends ... who participated in this Alicization plan, who had gone through the bombing in Iraq during the military service and died. Nevertheless, it is nothing other than reluctance to have overheated the conflict feelings of the gamers in Japan and Korea, which is the work of attackers.

Hika asked questions after unconsciously shaking his head and frown again in pain.

"How long have they been coming from China and South Korea?"

"It has reached a maximum of 30 000. Thousands of players who came to reinforce from Japan have almost completely wiped out."

Kikuoka continues after seeking a moment. '

"At that time, the Chinese-Korean player still had more than ten thousand, but fortunately Kirito awoke, they made it in a moment ..."

"Well, what is it?"

Higa obstructed the commander 's words without thinking.

"There is no weapon capable of such a large-scale and high-power attack, such as Kirito alone, can not be ineffective in a moment, underworld, with the great army of the ten thousand, command does not exist, Okay? ... I do not expect ... .... "

When he said that, Higa revealed vividly the conversation before and after being shot by Yanai at the canal duct.

Yanai, former subordinate of Sugo Nobuyuki, was a spy of assailants, and at the same time he was deeply in love into Fluctlight, the "highest priest Administrator". Did you get such a situation in the circumstances when it was good?

Also, "Fourth person" connected to STL of Kirigaya Kazuhito – Artificial fluctlight in the “Main • Visualizer”. Well, no, he or she has become the key to reviving the Japanese, but there was no assumption that a simple object without an entity would function as a human consciousness in a pseudo manner It is.

"... ... Hey ... ... Kiku-san ... ...."

Higa murmured the commander while feeling the chills except things caused by mass bleeding.

"Perhaps... ... We did... something terrible..."

It was then.

A sharp alarm sounded in the room from the console 's nested speaker.

That was nothing but the sound set by Higa to inform of the change in the time acceleration magnification.

***

A gray cloud flows at a tremendous speed around me and Asuna. Overhead is a red sky like blood, a dark wilderness spreads out under the eye.

Alias who was able to use aerial flying techniques, even the human world widely but only the highest priest, one person - and the matching knight Alice said. Also in that highest priest administrator, her "paired" wisdom power leader has already left the underworld so there is no way to know what the actual technique of the flight technique actually was. That is why I am flying in the sky of the dark territory is not the effect of the technique, but direct manipulation of the event by imagination .... It is due to the power of "incarnation" that the integrity knights say.

In the back of my ear, Cardinal's witchcraft, the great spider Charlotte' s words, who have been watching me since leaving Rulid village, will revive. 

—— Every manipulation ceremony is psyche ... ... It is only a tool for guiding and preparing your image. You do not need expression phrases or media.  
—— Now, wipe the tears, get up. And feel it. Prayers for flowers.  
—— The speech of the world.

I fought with the administrator at the top floor of Axiom Church Central Cathedral, until I recovered tens of minutes ago after I fell into self-closure shortly afterwards, apparently I deeply caught up with "the reason" of this world She seems to have torn.

You can feel the sacred powers drifting in the surrounding space clearly and it is easy to convert them to a predisposition without a surgical expression. As I mentioned earlier, when I revived the fate of Klein and Lisbeth, I came up with a ceremony but probably I could produce the same effect just by mimicking it.

I am now wrapping the body of Asuna with fumes to eliminate air resistance, and at the same time fly flushing with continuous bursts of air bubbles behind like a jet engine. It should be many times faster than the flying dragon, but it will take at least about five minutes to catch up with Alice flying far in the south riding on the Amayuri.

Utilizing this time, there are plenty of things that I would like to say, apologize, appreciate to Asuna. But I could not look directly at the Asuna that fly the right side hand in hand.

Reason——.

It seems that as the almighty feeling faded as if whole body blood turned into light just after awakening, it became organized and clearer as the memory of the last time was seen.

The problem is the sight of yesterday at midnight.

Asuna, Alice, Ronnier, and Sortilina senior in a circle around me who was laid in the center of the awed, memories memorable to me, all of us ...... exactly that we continue to reveal a lot of evil rows in order What shall I say without saying the first act, living hell?

—— Kirito-senpai bought a lot of honey pies of shuffing tea ceremony and tree nut cookies of sunflower shops when they came out of the school, and gave me and Teise.

—— By the way, when I graduated, he bought a lot of Zefiria flowers that should only bloom in the West Empire. He said that he sprouted over a year.

When Ronie and Rina-sempai show off such anecdotes,

—— While climbing the outer wall of Cathedral, Kirito gave a steamed bun from pocket and gave it half. I tried to warm up with heat, so it was nearly dark.

—— When you first met, you gave me a cream to give to the black bread. After that I ate a variety of tarts like Prun berry, a huge roll cake, etc ... ....

Alice and Asuna also oppose with food stuff somehow. After that, even after that, the story saying what I was doing but what to say, endlessly from after ... ...

"So sad ......"

While flying at high speed, I unexpectedly held my head with both hands and shouted.

"Ugh ... ...!"

As soon as concentration of consciousness is disturbed, the formation and release of air shield stops. An intense air resistance strikes the whole body and falls into a dragon fly falling state.

While murmuring, while dazzled, change the shape of the long coat's hem to a larger wing, and restore stability. But there was no time to relax,

"... .... Kyaaaaa": "

Asuna falls from the sky with screaming, so stretch out both hands to catch it. Successfully caught in a dangerous place, the eyes met with a close-up distance of the eyes of a halftone color that was widely spread. If you apologize it is only here.

"Asuna, it is not!"

—— This is not an apology but an excuse, but we can not turn back anymore.

"There was absolutely nothing with Rina-sempai and Alice or Ronie! Swear to Stacia God, I did not even have ~ ~ ~ ~!"

The face of Asuna who heard my desperate excuse ——.

It shined with sun. Squeeze my kind with slender hands, say something disgusted, in a nostalgic voice.

"... .... You did not change, Kirito. Since I heard that he was working hard for the second year, I wonder if he became an adult a little ... ... I thought ... ...."

Suddenly, transparent drops overflowed from both eyes of Asuna. The lips trembled faintly, and the scattered voice was pushed out.

"Good ... ... Kurito-kun ... ... Anything has not changed ... my loved, Kirito ..."

That word reaches deep in my chest, something hot is coming up, somehow stopping with a throat and answering.

"...... I am, I will not change "

"Because ... somehow it was like God ... I will freeze such awesome great troops in the moment ... ... I will shoot two hundred people full-heeled with a single shot ... and, additionally, fly to the sky ..."

I have no choice but to have a bitter smile on this.

"I am just a bit familiar with the mechanism of this world, about as much as flight, Asuna will be able to do so quickly"

"...... I do not need to do"

"What?"

"I hope to hold you and fly,"

Asuna was crying and said so, I moved my hands from my face to my back and hugged tightly. I forcefully return a hug and I will talk again.

"Really ... ... Thank you, Asuna. Until you get so much scratched, you guard the underworld people ... hurting ... ...."

I knew the realness of pain in this world for the first time two years ago when I was slain by the captain Goblin in the mountain range in the end. Although it was a scar of degree that the left shoulder meat was squeezed a little, I could not get up pain for a while.

Nevertheless, Asuna turned over the army that PoH would have drawn in over there and fought while fighting terrible wounds throughout the body. Without Asuna's hard work, the human forces of Teize and Ronnie would have been annihilated much more quickly.

"Not... just me ..."

Asuna who heard my words gently moved the touching.

"Sinonon, Leefa-chan, Liz, Silica-chan, Klein, Egil ...., Sleeping Nights and Everyone ALO, also worked terribly, Renri-san integrity knight and the human world soldiers and clerics, Sortelina-san, Ronie-san and Teise-san... .... "

Inspiring to that point, Asuna made the body stiff by the time he did.

That reason, I was thinking before listening to the following words.

"... ... That's right, Kirito-kun! The Master Knight ... ... Bercouli-san chasing the enemy's emperor, alone ......"

"... ...."

I nodded silently and shook my head slowly.

It was because he perceived that the huge swordsmanship of Bercouli • Synthesis • One, who was the oldest integrity knight who had no chance to speak directly at the end, had already existed on this earth.

Just before the start of this war, he made arrangements with the blade of imagination — "sword of mind". In memory that gradually revives, Bercouli already has a feeling that he was expecting his death at that time.

He chose the battle to protect Alice as the end point of his life that lasted three hundred years.

Understanding the meaning of my movement, Asuna cried a little when putting more power on both arms. But soon he pushed down his throat and asked.

"... Alice is ... is it safe ...?"

"Oh, I have not been caught soon, at the south end of the dark territory ... ... the third system console we arrive at the, but huge signs are following Alice ..."

"Well ... if not ... we have to defend Alice, for Bercouli"

The face of Asuna gently released was wet with tears, but full of strong determination. I also nodded slowly. And the eyes of Asuna shook slightly.

"But now, a little more, just a little more, just me, Kirito."

Lips approaching with whisper closed my lips.

Asuna exchanged a long, long kiss while the black wings fluttered gently under the red sky of the different world.

At this moment, I finally remembered why I woke up in this world two and half years ago.

The real world, the last Monday in June.

As soon as we sent Asuna to her house, we were attacked by Johnny Black, the main culprit of the "dead gun incident" executive, third  in Red guild "Laughin' Coffin". The gun-type high-pressure syringe, memory is interrupted in the scene where the muscle relaxant was injected. Perhaps I got breathing stopped, suffered some damage to my brain, STL and underworld would have been used for that treatment.

"Laughin' Coffin"s head PoH, who was lost in the people who attacked Ocean Turtle, is now fixed to the ground of the dark territory in the form of a tree like Gigas Cedar miniaturized. If time acceleration resumes, it is uncertain how many days or weeks you will spend without seeing your eyes or listening to your ears before being forcibly disconnected from the outside, but not a few in spirit There should be damage. In other words, it is about the same as me in this half year. I think it is cruel, but I do not think it's overkill.

That man, tried to kill my precious people ......Asuna.

A couple of seconds that the existence fuses together passed by, Asuna and I released their lips.

"Remember, that time ... ...."

Asuna sought so and unexpectedly caught b. I quickly understood why.

Immediately after the Death Game SAO was cleared, you may have remembered the kiss you brought under the sunset sky against the floating castle that collapses. That was, it was a farewell kiss.

I told a smile, once and for all, to shake off the premonition.

"Now, let's go, beat Emperor Vecta, help Alice, everyone in the real world ..."

Before that word was over.

In the mind, the imminent voice resonated directly.

<<Kirito!! Kirigaya! You can hear it! Kirito!>>

This shabby voice is.

"Eh ... .... You, Kikuoka-san? System? How do you do without a console ...?"

<<I do not have time to explain that! Time became serious!! Time acceleration magnitude ...... They, FLA limiter ... ...!">>

***

While crushing his face, Critter watched Brigg's beard surface, knitting the two wigs thrusting into the keyhole, feeling a bit uneasy.

Although it ran as a candidate with an impressive dialog as if picking, it seems that there was only a safety mechanism of time acceleration indeed and it was different from the old cylinder lock. The movements of the fingertips are getting more and more violent, and the volume of swearing words spiraling out also rises. Hans standing right behind the brig gently looked into the digital wristwatch on the left wrist.

"Ha, it's about three minutes, so it's only fifty dollars in two minutes"

"Damn you, shut up! After two minutes ... After opening the guy, swim a swim in Hawaii, return home ...... This is it ..."

Where the sound that the wire stirs through the keyhole has begun to become vandalism rather than unlocking, the critter tried to pinch it as "after all it is OK". But as these two people started gambling, no one can stop stopping until the settlement arrives.

"After one more minute. You better prepare the riff soon."

"Holy shit !!" (original English)

Suddenly Brigg stood up with a crying voice and beat down the tip of the wire on the floor.

It was a brief period that Critters relented relieved that they finally gave up.

A combatant who dyed the beards in red and black pulled out a huge hand gun silently from the waist holster and turned the muzzle to the keyhole.

"Oi Oh, wait ..."

Roar. One more shot.

Brigg returned his pistol to the holster while everyone other than him was watching over, Brigg first shook his shoulder after seeing Hans first, then Critter.

"Open up"

While Critter’s mouth widely opened, the console looked at the large hole of the inch diameter opened in the panel.

In the back of the darkness, three sparks scattered, immediately afterwards, the operating lever which had been stopped in an oblique state began to slowly tilt. Wherever it moves, it stops with a faint sound. When you check the monitor, the number that is originally set to be set by Critter a little over x1,200.... In fact, the upper limit x 5000 is displayed with a bold number.

"... Go...., gosh ... ...."

In the head, a dull metal sound echoed again at the time of reflective mental arithmetic as to how many seconds of the real world would be the underworld.

The lever that should have stopped at the limit value is further inclined to the back.

"You’ve... got to be ...... “

Before the eye of a murmuring Critter, the monitor's digital number also exceeds 5000 - more than x10000 ....

_No, it's still okay. If the processing execution button is not touched, the magnification never actually fluctuates._

_It is still possible to return the lever and return the lever._

"Hey ... ... Do not touch! Everyone back off!"

He cried so with a flipped voice, and the Critter moved away from the console with hands Hans and Brig. Get close to the lever with an enemy foot and gently stretch your right hand.

Boom.

A brief explosion sounded just before the hand of the Critter touched the lever.

In front of me, the red execution button blew down with the transparent cover.

EEEEEEEEEEE! A huge monitor set up full of the walls in front of the main control room dyed red and echoed with an unpleasant alarm from the speaker. A countdown of the remaining 15 minutes was displayed and began to decrease at a rapid pace.

***

At the moment when an alarm informing that the time acceleration function was operated again reached the ears, Higa got up again and distorted his face to a severe pain.

"Higa Kun! Don’t ... ...."

Dr. Koujiro ran to the station and placed his hand on Higa 's back, immediately after that.

The main monitor of the sub control room dyed red at a stroke.

"Why ...?!"

It was Kikuoka who shouted. Higa, who raised his upper body with Rinko's hands on the shoulder of a commander jumping to the console, tried hard.

The gothic characters are displayed with a message that tells that the limiter which was also provided with three stages in the time acceleration function is canceled and that the entire underworld enters the critical acceleration phase and a countdown for 15 minutes.

"What ..."

On behalf of Higa panting and panting, Dr. Koujiro asked a sharp question.

"What is limiting acceleration, what is it? The magnification of FLA has not reached the limit of 1,000 times! "

"...... That is the limit when people of real world don’t dive ...... If only artificial Fluctlights, five thousand times the upper limit ..."

When Higa answered almost automatically, the cool eyes of the doctor stiffened.

"To say that five thousand!? .... This one second is inside for about eighty minutes ...... It is 18 seconds and there is not a lot of ridicule over the day!"

Although it was truly mental arithmetic ability, Higa and Kikuoka shook their heads with a shaky move as they looked away.

"Well ... what is different?"

"1,000 times is the upper limit of safety that takes into consideration the" life expectancy of the soul "of human beings in the real world ...... The upper limit of observation of the underworld from outside is ... ... Both are hard No limit at the limit of ... ... "Higa pushed words hard from the throat burning from the ground. Doctor's arms that support the back tremble trembling.

"If it is ... ... Hard upper limit ...... what on earth ..."

"As you know, the underworld is built and computed by optical quantum, whose communication speed is theoretically infinite within the main module geometric ... ... ie the limit is limited by the architecture mounted on the subordinate server It is prescribed ... .... "

"So good soon! How many times!"

Higa moved the gaze from the monitor to the face of Rinko, he said.

"In the marginal acceleration phase ...... FLA magnification slightly exceeds five million times. The STL of Roppongi branch connecting by satellite line will automatically disconnect from the space that can not correspond to such speed ... ...

For Kirigaya-san and Asuna-san who are using STL inside the Ocean Turtle ... "

One minute in the real world — a decade in underworld.

It seemed that Rinco's eyes opened to the limit seemed to have mildly convulsed, that momentum would have been accomplished instantaneously.

"Nothing ...... ... Faster ... ... as soon as possible I have to take Asuna-san and Kirigaya-san out of the STL!"

Higa pressed Dr. Koujiro’s rising arms this time.

"Rinko-sempai! If you are already in the initial acceleration phase, if you pull it from the machine forcibly, the fluctlight will be corrupted!"

"If so, start forceful logout process!"

"I thought that it barked a while ago why he crawled out of the corner duct! The STL's operation can only be done from the main control!"

Higa also caressed with a reversed voice and saw the commander before the console.

Kikuoka already seemed to be guessing what Higa was trying to say. "... Kiku-san, I will go down again."

As soon as I heard the words, he talked something with a face that Aki Natsuki worried about, but immediately closed the mouth. She came up and whispered by saying "Cathether, I will pull it out".

The commander also nodded with a bitterness expression and said.

"I understand, let me go, I have physical strength enough to get you down on your back carrying you."

"Don’t, don’t do it, lieutenant colonel!"

Who cried out was Kazuyuki Nakanishi who is the leader of the escort team. Changing blood circulation, proceed while sounding boots.

"It's dangerous, that mission is me ..."

"No, you have to get the defense of the stairs, because it opens the bulkhead again ... Ichiemon can not be used anymore, Niemon will not move"

In the words, they all glance look at the left corner of the sub control room.

The humanoid silhouette supported by the holding frame of the coat hanger is not a real person. Higa is researching and developing as a part of the Alicization planning human type machine body, Electroactive Muscle Operating Machine, so-called "Niemon". The appearance that is much smarter than the first car that was used for the opening bulkhead opening strategy and destroyed is because this niemon was developed as a light cube loaded type.

Of course the socket of the head is now empty, and in this state it will not move even if you turn on the power. In other words, it does not become a shield to self-run like Ichiemon.

Kikuoka who returned his line of sight from a soulless robot ordered and commanded Nakanishi with a more severe expression than ever before.

"The degree of danger is surely higher for you who fight against enemies, but you have to go get it."

In the commander 's words, Nakanishi pushed the lower jaw a lot and bowed short for a moment.

"Yes sir!"

While listening to the exchanges of the SDF officers, Higa lifted the right hand in a frightening manner. Although it hurts, the fingertips seem to move properly.

The countdown to the limit accelerating phase rushing displayed on the monitor is about ten minutes left. However, it takes about thirty minutes to estimate how to break the pressure-resistant bulkhead, get off that lagging ladder, and disconnect the STL from the connector.

For the difference of twenty minutes, the time elapsed with the underworld - indeed, two hundred years.

Hundred fifty years, which is the soul life of human beings, is far beyond years.

Before that, to spend such infinitely equal years inside the underworld ... ...

For real world people, what can be tolerated ... ....

Underworld inside ... ....

"That ... ... so power!"

Higa shouted and swung the left hand just pulled out of the blood transfusion catheter toward Kikuoka.

"Ki…, Kiku-san!! When I operated the STL earlier, I secured a communication channel with Kirito! Please call me on line C12!"

"But, but ... ... what to say ......"

"We will escape from the inside!! Previously it was enough to reach the system console, or if HP goes to zero, STL will automatically start the disconnection process! But, it entered the marginal phrase. The console may not work, and it is even worse to die!! To spend two hundred years with all sensory cutoff ... ... please strongly warn that! "

***

"Two ..."

_Two hundred years!?_

I almost fell out of the mouth, I swallowed the words at risk.

In front of my eyes, Asuna has a blatant look. She does not hear the voice of Kikuoka.

<<Good, Kirito, it's enough! Have arrived at the console until then, please logout! If there is absolutely impossible, there is a way to completely lose the HP himself ... but this is dangerous for uncertainty, the reason is ... >>

Because there is a possibility that you have to spend two hundred years with a pseudo death situation.

I realized it, I interrupted the words of Kikuoka, and it was a translation.

"I understood, I aim for escape from the console somehow! Of course I will bring Alice, so prepare me for that!"

<<... I'm sorry. But, in this case, give priority to the escape of you two more than to secure Alice. Even if you can erase your memory after logging out, the time of 200 years is far beyond the human soul life! The possibility of successfully recovering consciousness is ... ... which is equal to zero ...... >>

To the voice of Kikuoka that suffers from suffering. I quietly responded.

"Do not worry, I will definitely go back, and Kikuoka-san, six months ago ... No, the last night was bad to say a horrible thing"

<<No ... ... We were oblivious and did the right thing. On this side I'll prepare an adhesive plaster for when you beat me. ...... Higa is ready for you, I have to go. >>

"Oh, uh, well after that, Kikuoka-san"

And communication broke.

I gazed at the Asuna in the arms while hovering with the hem of the coat flapping. "... ... Kirito, did you hear from Kikuoka-san? What is it ... tough?"

Shook his head slowly and slowly, I replied.

"Okay ... ... as time acceleration resumes after a long time, I'm talking about hurrying as much as possible"

Asuna blinked with a crack, nodded small with a small smile.

"Well, forever as such, it is bad for Alice, sir, to help!"

"Oh ... I will fly once more"

I hug an Asuna tightly, and again generate a large amount of wind. A glowing green springs up, wrapping the two.

To catch Alice, who goes south in the sky, and a huge and heterogeneous mark following her - I flew.

