# Chapter 23 "Return home" 

## Part 1

July 2026 / People's world calendar November 7, 380

Rinko Koujiro seated at the operation seat of the sub control room and stared at the small glass hatch offset slightly ahead to the front of the console.

In the liquid crystal window at the top of the hatch, the letter `[EJECTING ...]` flashes red.

The sound with which compressed air escapes low heard.

Eventually a small black square appeared in the direction of the glass window. The liquid crystal changes to `[COMPLETE]` display.

Rinko extended her trembling hand, opened the glass hatch and took it out.

Rugged metal packaging. A cube about six centimeters on a side is surprisingly heavy. A six-digit number is engraved on one of seamlessly sealed faces, and a fine connecting connector is provided.

It is enclosed in this the soul of "Alice".

A light cube set at the center of the main shaft of the Ocean•Turtle. One cube was ejected from the cluster according to the system's instructions and it was transported through a long air pipe after being sealed in a protective package .

At the same time, it is a journey from the inner world called the underworld to the outside world called Real World.

Rinko lost her words for a moment because of her unexpected feelings, but immediately regained control and cried for the microphone while holding a packaging.

"Asuna-san, Alice's project completed, afterwards you and Kirigaya-kun just hurry!"

She looks down the countdown of the main monitor stained in crimson and continues shouting.

"There is only 30 seconds remaining until critical acceleration starts !! Log out quickly!"

A momentary silence.

It was words that I did not want to anticipate that came back from the speech eventually.

"Sorry, Rinko-san."

"What ... ... what?"

"I'm sorry. I ... will remain here. Thank you very much for all your time. I will never forget what Rinko-san did."

The voice of Yuki Asuna resounding from the speech power was calm, gentle and full of determination. "I only ask for Alice. Alice is a kind person. She has very big love and is loved by many people. For the souls who disappeared because of Alice ... And for the sake of Kirito please never make military use possible."

Rinko's lost her word as the last word of Asuna reached her ears.

"Please tell everyone. Sorry, I can not help ... Thank you ...... If we couldn’t... "

Immediately after, the countdown reached zero.

***

Following the sound of a long siren, the roaring of the heavy machines echoed on a narrow cable duct.

On the 7th of July, 10 AM The countdown of 15 minutes has ended and the cooling system beyond the wall started full operation. Many large fans are sucking hard the waste heat of the machine group that supports the underworld. If you look at the Ocean•Turtle now from the sea, you can see the hot flames shaking at the top of the pyramid.

"... ... It began ... ...."

Higa Takeru muttered low.

"Aye"

Shortly responding is Kikuoka Seichiro who is down a thin ladder with Higa as his back.

The two prepared immediately at the time when judging that the limit accelerating phase rushing inevitable and without hesitation got into the checking duct again, but it took eight minutes to fix the injured Higa's body with a harness once it was confirmed.

Kikuoka continued descending from the ladder with the momentum that sweat blown out, but finally the limit acceleration of the underworld began before reaching the pressure resistant bulkhead.

With the feeling of praying, Higa put on the intercom switch and called to the Koujiro Rinko of the sub control room.

"Rinko-san .... What happened?"

Following the noise, although there was a line connection sound, it was a heavy silence that arrived.

"... Rinko?"

"……I'm sorry. Alice’s light cube could be secured safely. However……"

Dr. Koujiro told him something in a hellish voice.

Higa swallowed and strongly closed his eyes.

"... I understood ... I’ll also do my best, I will contact you as soon as we open the bulkhead hatch."

Higa switched off the line to Rinko and spit out the air gathered in the lungs elongated.

Guessed from the conversation, Kikuoka tried not to ask the situation. Just silent, it keeps muscular backs moving.

"... .... Kikuoka-san ..."

A few seconds later, Higa squeezed out whispering voices and passed the words of Dr. Koujiro to the commander.

***

Critter watched the newly opened window on the main monitor and the message displayed there silently.

A short string tells that the light cube has been discharged from the cluster and carried to the sub control room across the pressure resistant bulkhead.

_That means that "Alice" was secured on RATH side._

In other words, more than ten hours of strategy to discover and take Alice inside the underworld is totally failed. Vasago and Miller dive himself, led the army of the dark world, invaded the human world, with war fiercer than Hollywood movies, and even tens of thousands of Americans and Chinese and Korean players... All efforts negated and let the battle fell into water bubbles.

Caressing the shaved head, and briefly sniffing, Critter switched thought.

_Is there a possibility that we can physically reclaim Alice in the remaining 8 hours remaining until the destroyer comes in?_

There is no means to destroy the pressure-resistant bulkhead of the composite material which is sturdy enough from this side. However, as before, the talk is different if RATH side opens the bulkhead.

_In the first place, why was the bulkhead opened earlier? One smart and clumsy robot and some smokes. Have you really thought that you can suppress us by just using the grenades?  
Could it be that... If there was any other aim of opening the bulkhead, what on earth is it?_

Critter turned around to the members who restarted the force game again.

"Hey, was the robot that came in from a while ago, did not the bombs come out?"

Then, tall Hans answered while twisting his mustache.

"Of course I've confirmed that, of course, it did not have any explosives, no fixed armament, no ballistic. It was not substitute for shielding either, it did not move as soon as I shoot it, the soldiers who were behind it also withdrew."

"By the way, the SDF's guys are not soldiers and they are members ..."

He added trivial "whatever" and Critter returned the direction of the chair.

_After all the robot fuss could have been a sun. But no matter how much smoke grenades you use it is impossible to pass by narrow stairs, without noticing Hans or Brigg._

If so, —.

Lift the tablet type terminal that was left on the desk and display the inside view of the ocean turtle.

"Well ... this is the main shaft, the bulkhead has crossed here ... the stairs where the robots crawled is this ..."

At that time, the countdown displayed on the monitor became zero, and a sharp alarm sounded. Time acceleration of the underworld resumed. Earlier, Brigg in the brain stab destroyed the control lever, and the magnification has become ridiculous.

_However, it does not matter what the underworld does. The fact that the Alice collection operation failed means that Vasago and Captain Miller would "died" during the battle, so the logout process should be proceeding in the next room in the meantime.  
Then, before Captain Miller comes back, it will be the first decision to find the next strategy option._

Critter quickly noticed, by enlarging and scrolling the intricate plan.

"Here, there is also a small hatch ... ... What are you named, `cable duct` ...?"

***

Rinko who finished telling the situation to Higa Takeru left her body on the mesh chair while letting out a sinking sigh.

To the Kirigaya Kazuya who was unable to escape before the start of acceleration, Yuki Asuna’s determination to remain in the underworld is too young, straightforward, and — to be precious it was beautiful.

_I just can not help remembering._

A man whom she loved used to leave Rinko in the real world and disappeared into the virtual space. If she had the opportunity to go with him at that time, what did she do? Like him, could she have chosen to burn the brain with prototype STL and leave only a copy of consciousness?

"Akihiko-san ... you are ... ...."

She close my eyes and whisper with a voice that does not become voice.

It was only his creation that Akihiko Kayaba would have created the floating castle Incrad and the "true different world" by the ten thousand players trapped there.

However, in the era of the floating castle that spanned two years, he found something and understood something. Something changed his mind.

And this understanding was a future.

He noticed that SAO is not the end point, but only the beginning. That is why, with mountain ranges surrounded by the virgin forest of Nagano, he advanced the densification of Nerve Gear and completed a prototype that would eventually kill himself.

Rinko who entrusted its development data designed a medical precision full dive machine "Medicuboid".

RATH and Higa Takeru completed the STL based on the vast amount of data provided by a single girl who became the tester of the Medicuboid prototype No. 1 for three years.

In other words, depending on the idea, it can be said that the ultimate different world called Underworld was born with the dream of Kayaba Akihiko as the cornerstone.

Then, with the completion of the underworld, is it that all the hope of Kayaba has come true?

No, it should be different.

Because, yet, it's not clear yet know where in the puzzle the piece, another seed left by him - the "The seed" package will fit.

Certainly, because the standard of VRMMO of the seed standard was standardized, it can be said that it was able to compete against overseas attacks by converted accounts of Japanese players.

However, Kayaba Akihiko did not expect that situation several years ago. Relief with the compatibility function should have been a side effect to the last.

_If so, which purpose is it? Why was it necessary to interconnect several VR fields under common standards ..._

On the console is a storage case made of duralumin containing Alice’s light cube package.

Although the light cube itself, which is a collection of photonic gating elements, is nonvolatile, the gate drive circuit built in the package requires electric power, so Alice’s soul can not act in the case.

Rinko touched the silvery case on the right hand and saw the humanoid silhouette standing in the left corner of the sub control room - the machine body "Niemom".

If you put Alice’s light cube package on the head socket of that robot, Niemom will be Alice' s body, it should be able to move and talk.

Rinko shook his head lightly and dismissed the momentary urge to put the imagination into practice and talk with Alice. It is not the case that Japanese and Asuna are in a crisis situation now, it is not the case when doing such a thing, and even if it is better compared with Ichiemom Alice will be shocked when waking up in such a monster as Niemom.

Suspended a short meditation, and released his right hand from the duralumin case.

"Dr. Koujiro."

Called from behind, she turn around quickly.

Who was standing was lieutenant Nakanishi who came back to the sub control room unnoticed.

"I have completed the preparation for reopening partition wall hatch, .

"Ah ... yes ... Thank you very much"

While answering, check the time display on the monitor. One minute has already passed since it entered the critical acceleration phase. In internal time ...... ten years.

Incredible. The "soul age" of Kirigaya Kazuto and Yuki Asuna has already exceeded that of Rinko.

_I have to log two people as soon as possible even one minute or so. If you can escape before you run out of your soul life, it is possible to erase all the memories since the marginal acceleration phase was started. However, the grace time for that is only a mere less than a dozen in theory.  
Higa-kun, Kikuoka-san...  
— Hurry!!_

Rinko shrugged his lips and pressed them.

***

The throat of lieutenant colonel Kikuoka is ringing suddenly at best. A sweat like a waterfall discolors the shirt and soaks in Higa’s clothing.

Higa swallowed the words that he would get off on his own from this time many times.

The right shoulder shot by Yanai's bullet is dull despite drinking the analgesic to the limit amount, and the body that has lost blood in mass is heavy like lead. I can not even support my own weight.

Anyway, Higa thinks.

In this situation, it seems to be honest unexpected that lieutenant colonel Kikuoka would desperately get to such a point.

The ultimate goal breakthrough fluctlight "A.L.I.C.E." as the final objective of the Alisisation plan has already been secured. Afterwards, if structural analysis of Alice and other differences from fluctlight is found, mass production of genuine bottom-up AI is ahead. In the era of the unmanned weapons, the objective of establishing RATH which finally establishes Japan's unique technology infrastructure and to get out of control by the military system of the United States is achieved at last.

That should be the human wish of Kikuoka Seiichiro.

That was why he crawled into the SAO case until he was seconded to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and since he himself made a character called "Chrysheight " and continued to interact with VRMMO players.

Therefore, from the action priority order of Kikuoka, it is now likely to continue to block the pressure barrier and to choose to defend Alice’s light cube until the Aegis ship's inrush time. Even so, the fluctlight of Kirigaya Kazuto and Yuki Akira Asa left behind in the underworld will collapse. Do not forget to hold down Dr. Koujiro who would oppose it strongly somewhere.

"... ... surprised, I suppose ... ... aren’t you ...?"

Unexpectedly Kikuoka said such a thing from under a rough breath, so Higa gave out a strange sound as heard.

"When, when, oh, that ... ... kinda, not that I want to learn all secrets of Kikuoka-san, but ..."

"Abso...lutely"

Kikuoka laughed a short while descending at full power in the ladder which became several meters remaining.

"But say that, please also ... this is also calculated ... this action,"

"Hehe"

"I ...... always think about the worst, in principle, ...... now it is better for me to think that enemies have the possibility of re-taking Alice" 

"Is it the ......  worst case?"

Would it be the worst thing that the enemies noticed this failure duct and attacked from below while the pressure resistant bulkheads were being opened?

However, before Higa goes ahead of that guess, finally the shoe sole of Kikuoka reached the titanium alloy hatch.

On behalf of the commander who stops movement and repeats intense breathing, Higa pressed intercom call switch.

"Rinko-san, we arrived! Airtight bulkhead, please unlock promptly!"

***

"Wow ... ... really unlocked!"

Critter looked up at the pressure barrier warning notice displayed on the main monitor and shouted.

Why on earth? For what purpose?

Whatever you think, it does not fit the scale. Now that she has secured Alice, there are reasons why the RATH bother to take the trouble to release the defense.

However, there is no time to think about anything now. Critter rotated the chair and instructed the crew members.

"Well, ok, leaves only Brigg, Hans go to the stairs! Shoot down anyone trying to operate the bulkhead!"

"That we can do ... ..."

While Hans squeezed his tongue for a long time, he carried an assault rifle. A dozen staff members follow it as well.

"Oh ... right, what should I do?"

Critter pointed his finger towards Brigg where his lips were accidentally sharpened.

"There is work to be done properly, an important mission suitable for yours arms"

Inside, I think about different things. It is better to keep an eye on this brain muscle. (or You should keep your eyes as far as possible from this brain muscle.)

"Well, buddy and I are going to look at our cable duct, apparently I guess that's what is the enemy's favorite,"

"Oh ... oh, that's it. That’s right."

Smile and laugh, making a loud noise and checking the magazine of the assault rifle, Critter tapped while killing a sigh.

Next to Hans and others from the main control room, I went out into the boat passage and began to run in a different direction, Critter took a glimpse of the door — I saw the first STL room.

_That's right, Vasago, still doesn’t logout, lazy fellow? No wonder he smoked so much not even only tobacco._

He thought he should check it for a moment but already Brigg has run out of the aisle. Inevitably Critter also follows.

Arrived at the target in just a few minutes. At first glance the passage extends along the inner wall of the main shaft. However, according to the sketch, it is supposed to have a churning duct on the upper part of the shaft beyond the small hatch on the left side wall. Of course the duct is also separated by a rugged partition, but if the guess is correct —.

Grasp the rotary opening and closing handle with a sweaty hand and turn it to the left.

Critter that opened the heavy metal doors first saw the tunnels about a meter deep, lit by dark orange light, less than a meter high. Simple steps are installed on the wall of the tunnel extending vertically at the end of the street.

And, underneath the step, there is something of cloth lump.

"... .... whoa!?"

As soon as he noticed the identity, Critter was overrepresented greatly and hit the back of the head against the Brigg jaw standing behind him. However, both eyes are spread apart without being aware of the pain or the swearing voice of the giant.

Cloth, yea clothes contained contents. Somebody is crooked as a result of collapsing your body. Brigg who pushed the critter pushes the rifle, but immediately points out with a low voice.

"He won’t live anymore"

Certainly, the cervical vertebrae of the crawling man is twisted at an unnatural angle. While making the largest frown plane, Critter thrusts into the tunnel fearfully and confirmed the face of the dead.

"That ... ... This guy is not that ... Information provider of RATH... ... Even a spy was carried out and executed ...? But how to kill this ..."

Reluctantly touching the skin of a man, a sticky feel comes along. From the temperature, it is probably when the bulkhead was first opened. In other words, the opening of the first time was this guy going to escape to the bottom of the shaft? And crashed to death by stepping out the ladder?

_If so, why was the bulkhead reopened?  
I would like to check the partition wall hatch at the top of the cable duct, but in order to do so I have to pull out the corpse. However, it is dismissed so much._

When he retreat from the tunnel and exit the aisle, he instructed Brigg.

"For the time being, if it happened on the duct, try to confirm it’s clear."

The big beast of beards sounded a nostrils and thrust the body into the tunnel, and pulled out the corpse of Spy to power. Returning to the tunnel again, looking into the vertical duct at the end while twisting the upper body.

It is the moment that Critter thought while being an amateur, whether he came in from the head or not.

"Shit!!"

At the same time, Brig lifted the assault rifle and fired.

The yellow flashes burned the retina of Critter and two kinds of shooting sounds hit the tympanic membrane.

In front of the eyes that swallowed the screams, giant Brigg has bounced on the tunnel floor as though it was hit by an invisible hammer.

"Wow! What is it!?"

Critter screamed and fall backside on the floor of the aisle. Brigg will not move as quickly as he fell to the place where Spy's corpses had been contained until just ten seconds ago. It is obvious that he had the same destiny as a spy, without seeing a blood pool that would spread to the floor. There was a RATH fighter on the upper part of the challenge, he was shot by him.

_Well, what is it?_

Critters thought while sweating cold sweat like a waterfall.

_Collect the assault rifle from Brigg's right hand and shoot with the enemies at the top of the duct and take enemies? No, no, I am just a computer  talented, work is just thinking and hitting keyboard._ Continue thinking further as if crawling halfway while retiring to the Main control room.

At least this, he just understood that there is an intention of aggressive attack on RATH side. _However, we are obviously superior in terms of strength. If you fight, victims will naturally come out over there. Alice is taken again, why are not you all occupied the upper shaft and stick to it?_

_Is there any further "worst", the commander of RATH thinks? Do you even think that there is enough firepower to blow the whole Ocean • Turtle? With a C4 explosive on hand you can not blow off a pressure-resistant hatch ... ...._

_Thermal power ..._

Unexpectedly, Critter inhaled the air sharply. Two corpses rolling behind the aisle also disappeared from consciousness.

_That’s it.  
There is only one way to destroy the whole Ocean•Turtle and convert Alice's light cube and RATH staff into sea algae._

If it is judged that securing Alice is impossible, it is client's order to completely destroy it. But for that reason, is it allowed to make this huge self-propelled mega float and dozens of crewmen get along?

_There is no way I can make such a terrible decision. It is necessary to suffer from a lifetime nightmare._

Critter went up and ran to the main control to seek the judgment of the commander.

***

"Ki ... Kikuoka-san! Are you OK, Kikuoka-san!"

Higa asked, with a voice that killed him. At least three enemies who emerged from the hatch at the bottom of the duo must have left Rifle.

There was no reply. Carried Higa, hung on the right hand, and lieutenant colonel Kikuoka grasping the pistol on the left hands down with a shoulder pushing against the wall.

_You must live. Hey, stop it. You are still a necessary person._

"Ki..."

— Kikuoka Saaaan !!

At that time that was going to shout out, lieutenant colonel took coughing violently.

"Keeh ... .... Well, no ... ... I wore a bulletproof vest and it was the correct choice ... this is ..."

"Ahh, sure! I am seriously going to leave the Aloha shirt once a day"

Oh, and exhilarating the breath of relief, I look down on Kikuoka's back again.

"Well, you did not get injured?"

"Well, it seems to have just hit one shot, which is why you are safe?

"Eh ...... Yeah, that does not apply to the body or the terminal"

"If so, let's hurry, the inspection connector is almost there."

As Higa was shaken by the back of Kikuoka who began to descend the step again, Higa again murmured in the inner heart that it was surprising.

Kikuoka-san thought that he might be badly suffering from physical skills, but the muscles that undulate on a wide back are steel and shooting like sniper — despite the bad condition that hanging on the ladder and aiming at the just below with a single left hand, the second shot of a double tap shot the enemy's knot and chest accurately.

_Absolutely, he's still full of surprises, no matter how long we go together._

Shaking his head a little, Higa protruded the cable to pull out the inspection connector that came in the sight from the pocket.

***

Critter, who came back up the aisle, jumped into the main control room, ears ringing with the rifle's sound coming from the staircase.

In the room, there are no figures of Commander Miller and Vasago. I wonder if they have not left the STL yet. Even though more than five minutes have already passed since time acceleration has already begun.

Whether the explanation of the idea that came up to him was clear, Critter was still hesitating. It was because he was convinced that they would say that if they were told they would do it immediately. They are not type of people who care about civilian casualties if they are to carry out their duties.

Without a conclusion, Critter opened the doors of the first STL room vigorously.

"Captain Miller! Alice to the enemy ... ...."

The word to follow caught in the back of my throat and stopped.

On the near side, Gabriel lying on the gel bed of the STL No. 1 machine and covered with a machine above the forehead. On the mirror's face, a look that he had never shown before was emerging.

No, Critter never saw such a facial expression on any human face.

Blue eyes are wide open all the way. Mouth is expanded as if the temporomandibular joint has come off, and it is distorted obliquely. The tongue that protrudes for a long time seems to be a different creature.

"... Co... rp... se....?"

While panting, Critter shook his knee. Now, if Mr. Miller's protruding eyeball moved, I was convinced that I would scream.

Take a few seconds to somehow calm breath, stretch the right hand awesome, touch the left wrist hanging from the bed.

There was no pulse.

And the skin was cold in the water. Commander of the ambush team, Gabriel Miller, was completely destroyed even though there were no bruises on the body.

Desperately pushed back the thing that came in from the stomach, the critter cried out in a hoarse voice.

"Vasago ... Get up quicly! Captain ... ... is dead ... ...."

Walk around the gel bed with trembling feet and put the second Unit in sight.

This time, Critter screamed high pitched.

Vice-principal Vasago Casals was seemingly sleeping calmly. There is no expression on the face whose eyelids are closed, and both hands are stretched beside the body straight.

However—.

The long hair that waves undulating, which was so black like that.

Right now, it turned into a dry gray hair like a hundred years old superior old man.

Not feeling like checking the pulse of Vasago anymore, Critter slowly moved back. Being Critter who should be the hack power to believe only logic and source code As soon as I also met the same as two people anyone would leave this room as well.

Roll out rearward from the entrance of the unopened, close the door with the right foot.

While repeating a deep breath, Critter worked hard to think back.

_There is no way to investigate what happened to the captain and Vasago, and I do not want to know. It can be inferred that there is something in the Underworld and as a result the two fluctlights are completely destroyed.  
In the end, the strategy has failed. As commanders have died, we can not judge the power whether to destroy Alice on each ship. There is no point to stay in this place any more._

Critter picked up the communication device from the console and pushed out the strange voice.

"Hans ... return, Brigg, Vasago and the captain died"

A few hundreds of seconds later, the expression of a glittering knife appeared on the face of the team's Dad, who ran into the control room.

"Brigg got dead! Why !?"

"... ... in the cable duct, shot from above, ... ...."

Critter desperately stopped Hans trying to run with a rifle as soon as he heard it.

"Stop it! Alice's light cube has been deprived, there is no point in fighting anymore ..."

Hans was silent for a while. Suddenly, he made a terrible sound by hit the walls, and said quickly.

"...... No, there are still instructions left, so if you can not take it, you should destroy it, you have something about idea, are not you?"

The trembling beard which was beautifully arranged, trembling at the enraged Hans, Critter faintly nodded.

"Ah ... ah, there is something, but no, no, I can not judge without a captain"

"Say it!!"

Hans shouted, pointing the muzzle of Assault Rifle into the throat of the critter. A swordy line of mercenaries who seemed to have formed a combination with Brigg for many years before being hired by Glowgen was not to help Critter.

"Ok ... it's an engine ..."

"Engine? Is this ship?"

"That's ... ... The main machine of this big ship is a nuclear reactor ..."

