## Part 3

Step.

... ... Step.

In the close area, the sound stops.

And someone called my name.

"……Kirito - kun"

Gentle and clear, voice that I thought I will never hear it again.

"As usual, when you are alone you are a crybaby ... ... I know because you are what you are"

I slowly lifted the face wetted by tears.

Asuna who turned his hands behind and tilted his head slightly stood there with a smile.

I did not know what to say. So I kept looking up at Asuna's face forever and everyday in that hazel eyes.

Fluffy and breeze blown, butterflies fluttering in between us got on that wind and disappeared into the blue sky.

Asuna who watched it returned her gaze and gave me the right hand.

I touched it, I felt like disappearing like a vision. But the gentle temperature that comes from the white palm tells me that my loved one is indeed there.

It was understood to Asuna. This world will be closed soon. Being able to return to the real world again is a part of the flow of endless times.

So, she stayed. For me. If the position is reversed, it is for me who will make the same choice.

I also extended my hand and gripped the small hands of Asuna firmly.

I stood up to with support of her hand and again looked at two beautiful eyes from near.

No words came out after all.

However, I did not need to say anything. So, I just attracted a thin body and hugged strongly. Asuna who kept her head on my chest told me in whisper.

"... When we return over there, will Alice get angry?"

I imagined the situation where that victorious golden knight scolds us with a sparkling shine on the blue eyes.

"If she remembers us it’s OK, we must not forget even the one-second time spent with Alice."

"... Yes, that's right, it's okay if Alice remembers Liz, Klein, Egil, Silica and ... well, Yujio."

We solved the embrace, nodding, at the same time I saw an unmanned temple.

The "altar at the world end" which stopped all functions was on a quiet sleep under the soft sunshine at the end of the world.

Turn around and start walking down the marble trail with another hand.

After a while traveling between colorful flowers, I reached the northern edge of flying island.

Under the sky that dyed deep blue, the world spread no matter how far.

Asuna looked at me and asked.

"How long do we spend in this world?"

I kept silence for a while, and I told the truth.

"It seems to be one hundred years at the shortest"

"Huh"

Asuna nods and smiles like a smile as if it were a long time ago.

"Even if it's a thousand years it's not long, if I am with you ... ...., dear, Kirito-kun"

"... .... Let's go Asuna. There are many things to do ... This world has just been born."

And we keep holding hands, spreading the wings and taking the first step to infinite freedom.

