## Part 2

_Too fast._

Rinko Koujiro stared at the digital number being heartlessly increasing while firmly holding both hands wet with sweat.

_Years passed in the underworld since the start of the marginal acceleration phase — indeed, a hundred years. I can not imagine how much Kazuto Kirigaya and Yuki Asuna experienced that enormous amount of time anymore. One thing is certain that the memory capacity of the two fluctlights is getting closer to the limit._

According to Higa's prediction, the human soul can not operate properly at the time when accumulating the memory of about 150 years, collapse begins. Of course it was not confirmed by experiments. Actual limits may be ahead of time — or it may be early.

Now she just hoped that the logout process will be completed earlier than the soul will self-destroy. If it can be cleared, the hope of returning to the original two still remains.

- Higa-kun, Kikuoka-san. Please hurry.

Rinko praying did not notice that the gunshot sound that had arrived faintly from the downstairs was interrupted beforehand. It was lieutenant Nakanishi who came back to the subcontrol room and was informed her. 

"Doctor! The enemy has started withdrawing from Ocean Turtle!"

"... ... withdraw !?"

Raise your face and repeat silently.

_Why at this time. Now that the bulkhead is open again, is not it the last chance for assailants to secure Alice? It is too early to give up. There are still eight hours left until the escort ship "Nagato" comes in._ (//translator: how did she know? they could speculate but they don't know time)

Rinko asked the lieutenant while running fingers on the keyboard and inviting the status window to notify the situation of various parts of the ship.

"Have our people been injured in the battle?"

"Ah ...... slightly injured two names, seriously injured one person, is in the treatment it seems that is not life threatening."

"So……"

She exhale a small breath, which I was stuffing. If you look at a glance, a big patch is stuck around Nakanishi's ruffled braid that draws a sturdy line, and it is thinly blurred. One could wonder if he himself is among the minor injuries.

In order not to waste their fierce battles, we must surely rescue the two young people.

At least it's a good news that enemies began withdrawing. Following the status window with a gaze, Rinko watched the raiders to rush Ocean turtle. I confirmed that the dock in the bottom of the turtle was open.

"The guys seem to escape with a submarine, even then, it is a shameful ... ...."

Rinko frowned her eyebrows, then.

Heterogeneous tremors shook the entire main shaft.

Loud moan, like a woodchair, runs through a huge self-running mega float. The ball pen on the table rolls and falls to the floor.

"What ... What happened !?"

"This is ... ... No... ... No way, they ... ...!"

Liutenant Nakanishi shouted a groan.

"This tremor is due to full power operation of the main machine, Doctor!!"

"Main... ...."

"Main engine ...... That is, the pressurized water reactor of the shaft base"

The lieutenant who flew to the console on behalf of Rinko who is stunned and opened her eyes, manipulated status window with unfamiliar hands. A new window opens one after another, an unclear image emerges in one of them.

"Damn!! All the control rods are up!! Those guys, what sort of men!!"

Dan!

Rinko asked with a blunt voice to the first lieutenant hitting the console.

"But there are safety devices, right?

"Of course, before the reactor core reaches criticality, the control rods will automatically enter and nuclear fission will stop ... Just look at this here ..."

The first finger pointed a part of the real-time image of the nuclear reactor storage room displayed on the monitor. It is difficult to understand with red light, but it seems that something small white sticks to a part of a large machine painted yellow.

"This is probably C4 ...... Plastic bomb. This size will not rupture both the containment vessel and the pressure vessel, but just under this place is the electric CRD (//Current Reset Device e.g. https://selinc.com/products/CRD/ ) for inserting the control rod cluster into the core ...... That is, there is a drive unit. If this is destroyed, the control rod can not drop its own weight ...... "

"What will happen if I can not stop nuclear fission ... What will happen ...?"

"Firstly, the primary cooling water explodes and steam explodes and breaks down the pressure vessel ...... In the worst case, the melted core breaks through the containment vessel and the bottom of the ship, falling to the sea surface, generating a large amount of water vapor, and blowing the entire inside of the shaft. Let's fly ... Main control room power and light cube • Cluster and this sub control room "

"What ..."

Rinko unexpectedly looked down on the floor. Ultra high temperature steam will spurt through this rugged metal floor —?

If such a thing comes to mind, the personnel of RATH who have been endured without giving out victims so far, too, as well as the Kirito and Asuna who are connected to the STL, and tens of thousands of people Fluctlights sealed in the Light Cube Cluster, too, there is no one ... ....

"I will remove C4."

Unexpectedly, lieutenant Nakanishi said in a low voice.

"They should have set a detonation time with enough time for the submarine to be sufficiently away from the Ocean Turtle, and five more minutes ... there should be plenty of room."

"But, Nakanishi, the temperature inside the engine room is already ... ...."

"What, I will not change from a hot sauna, it's as easy as running and pulling a detonator out"

_That 's only if you are wearing protective clothing properly. But there is no time to prepare such anymore._

Rinko could not put the word out her mouth. The wide back of the lieutenant facing the door was forced to make a determination like steel.

However.

Just before black leather lace boots reached the slide door.

A sound that she have never heard in this room has hit Rinko's earlobe. Seeing the left side of the room at the same time as Nakanishi stretch reaches the holster on the right waist quickly.

With a metallic motor driving sound like “weiin”, it stepped the right foot from the holding frame —.

It was a machine body made of metal and plastic, Niemon.

Rinko and Nakanishi watched the machines of the human type who gradually walked up slowly while shining the sensors of the head red.

It can not move.

Higa, the designer, was not saying. Unlike Ichiemon packed with a large amount of balancers for walking, Niemon designed from the beginning as a person fluctlight type can not walk a single step without inserting a light cube. And Alice, the only fluctlight taken out of the cluster, is kept in a tabletop desk. The socket in the head of Niemon is supposed to be empty.

"Why ..., prototype No.2 ... ..."

Nakanishi who gave out astonishment voice pulls the handgun out of the holster. But Niemon who came straight towards Rinko did not give an eye to it and stopped at a place about 2 meters away, a little electronic resonance from the speaker that was being somewhere in the head .

"Let me go"

That voice.

The smell of oil drifting from the body of Niemon stimulates faint nose.

On the evening of the day when she flew to the Ocean Turtle, Rinko heard the same voice, felt the same aroma, in her dream of seeing it in the bed in the cabin.

Somehow she stood up with trembling legs, walked up to Niemon, and asked with a blurry voice.

"... .... Ah ...... Akihiko-san, is that you ...?."

The blinking sensor blinks as if it blinks, the robot nodded small. Rinko, who took the last step as if being sucked in, touched the aluminum exterior with a pair of trembling hands. Both hands of the robot lifted with the motor sound touched Rinko's back.

"I am sorry for making it alone for a long time, Rinko-kun"

Even if it was electrosynthesized, its voice was no doubt surely one of the one Rinko loved — Akihiko Kayaba's one.

"This is where... you are"

Rinko whispered in a dialect that should have been forgotten (//no idea, 「こんなとこさ……いたのけ」). Tears overflowed from both eyes, the light of Niemon 's sensor blurred.

"No time. So, I only say what I need. Rinko, I was happy to meet you.  
Only you have kept me stuck in the real world. Hopefully ... I hope you can proceed in future. Where my dream ...... the two worlds ...... separated from each other now, ...... "

"Yeah ... ... Of course course ... ... of course."

The face of a machine staring at Rinko nodding many times smiled lightly.

The robot released the body, changed its direction with a smooth center of gravity movement and went out of the sub control room to the aisle at a speed that almost runs.

In front of Rinko who tried to chase after it unconsciously, the sliding door closed.

Breathe in heavily and tighten your back teeth. I can not leave this room now. _It is myself who was entrusted with monitoring the situation at various places._

Instead, Rinko looked up at the image of the engine room, clenched the chest pendant. Lieutenant Nakanishi, in a stunning appearance, heard a muttering saying, "Why now ... ...." in a sigh-like voice.

Certainly, there have been many crises. However, Rinko felt that she understood the reason why Kayaba abandoned the role of the observer with this timing.

"... It's not for the Underworld, he does not intend to intervene in the simulation, so I revealed himself to protect Kirigaya and Asuna ... ...."

***

Higa Takeru realized the identity of "worst" which fearfully faced Kikuoka when hearing the heavy turbine groaning from under the cable duct.

"... ... Kikuoka-san, those guys, nuclear reactors ......"

Higa's groaning voice was blocked by a resolute instruction.

"I know, now take the full control to shut down STL"

"... ... Yes, but ... ...."

Higa felt cold sweat spreading throughout the whole body while inserting the connector of the cable to the inspection panel in the wall.

If nuclear reactors runaway, the meaning of this work also goes away. On the contrary, both Underworld and Alice's light cube are destroyed by high temperature steam and high-level radiation. Many lives together.

_But exploding nuclear reactors is not so easy. Dual metal containers covering the reactor core can not be torn very much by rifles and so on, and there are also many safety controls in the control system. If we continued full reckless driving, the safety device will work soon, the control rod will go down and stop nuclear fusion._

At that time, Kikuoka asked with the usual relaxed tone.

"Hmm, Higa-kun ... Will you manage alone?"

"Well ... if you fix the harness to the step, work is possible, but ... but, Kikuoka-san, it's under ... ...

"No, no, I will just look at shaft, I will not do nothing stupid, I will return soon."

Kikuoka quickly removed the harness fixing the two, passed multiple nylon belts through the steps and fixed the buckle again. Confirm that Higa's body was retained, and get off several steps.

"Well then, talk later, Higa-kun"

Behind glasses, thin smart black eyes smiled.

"Please, be careful! From those that they may still have left!

To Higa's voice, I thrust out my thumb on my right hand with a gown that does not suit, and Kikuoka got off the step at a tremendous speed.

When he arrived at the lowest side hole, carefully peek into the back and slide your body.

Moreover, Higa realized that after the appearance of Kikuoka completely disappeared.

While tapping the keyboard of the laptop with the right hand, the feeling of lukewarm was transmitted to the left hand, trying to adjust the position of the harness that digs into the belly. The palm looked down at the head was wet with liquid that looks dark under an orange emergency light.

It was obviously obvious that it was not Higa's blood.

***

Most of the shipboard surveillance cameras of the lower shaft which had been occupied by assailants until a few minutes ago were destroyed, but those in the engine room area where nuclear reactors were stored were safe.

Rinko looked up at the main monitor who showed the image from the camera and wrapped the h both hands together and waited.

Immediately left, lieutenant Nakanishi clasps both hands on the console hard. Behind the scenes the security staff and technical staff who have pulled up from the defensive line downstairs are dedicating their prayers in their respective attitudes.

Rinko requested them to evacuate at least to the bridge of the bow. However, there was no one who left the main shaft as one person.

Everyone here is dedicating everything to research and development in RATH who is a disguised company that does not hit the day. True, opening positive Bottom up AI of a new era, each dream is entrusted with a wish.

Rinko had always thought that she was only a customer who visited this ship to the last. Kikuoka Seiichiro, I felt it was unlikely that I would feel like being in sync with the purpose of a human being who can not see the true heart.

Anyway, Rinko finally came to RATH to visit. And realized it.

Human's fluctlight is not a good thing to push into narrow research objectives such as AI for mounting unmanned weapons.

Likewise, the Underworld is not just a social development simulation, for example.

They are the beginning of a huge paradigm shift (//self-reference to Accel World vol.20).

Another reality that reforms the real world that is just blocking. A world that embodies the invisible power of the incarnation of young people trying to break away from existing systems.

_That is what you aimed for, Akihiko-san.  
You noticed and found in the two years in the floating castle, their infinite possibilities. Shining brightly, the light of the heart._

The greatest and worst crime in the history of mankind who locked ten thousand people in the electronic prison and have let four thousand of them lose their lives is not permissible for whatever reason. Rinko's sin who cooperated as a result of that crime never snows forever.

_But now, now ... I want you to forgive me for hope.  
Please, Akihiko-san. Please protect everyone ... ... the world._

As if responding to Rinko 's prayers, there was a movement in the remote image on the monitor at last.

A silver machine body appeared in a narrow passage leading to the engine room containing the pressurized water reactor.

Whether the output of the battery is already starting to decline, the gait is slow. As it struggles with our own weight, it will move forward with a loud noise.

It was impossible for Rinko to know from when Kayaba's thought imitation program was latent in that body. But only one thing is certain that the program in the memory of Unit 2 should be the only original. Every intelligence can not endure the recognition that it is a copy that exists more than once.

To what extent can the electronic system of the prototype unit that will not have heat resistant treatment burned to the high heat of the engine room can endure? Plastic bombs can deter explosion even if a detonator is pulled out, but if the memory of Niemon is destroyed, Kayaba's consciousness disappears at that moment.

Please, Rinko stiffly touched her lips, trying to pray that you released the bomb successfully and returned to me a moment.

Probably Kayaba Akihiko is ready to disappear here.

He once kept copies of thought until burning the birth of a living body, finally fulfilled the purpose and found a place to die.

Well, the actuator of the joint mouth roars.

Then, and the foot of the metal foot steps on the floor.

With a hard but steady walking, the machine body finally reached the door of the engine room. Stretch your right hand and operate the open and close panel awkwardly. The indicator turns green and a thick alloy door opens in the back.

At that time.

A shadowy rifle's fire shouted from the speaker. While Niemon protects the body with both arms, it retreats with an awkward foot.

From the back of the opened door, a soldier in black combat clothes jumped out shouting something. It is definitely a member of the raiders. I have not hidden my face with helmets and goggles in the past. The man who grew a thin mustache on the eldest man's face can be seen to have a terrible appearance even with a coarse image of the surveillance camera.

"Why ... did he have one person left !? Why! Is he going to die ...?! "

Lieutenant Nakanishi felt quietly.

In the Unit 2 that takes a defensive posture, the man mercilessly shoots bullets.

Sparks can be played, and a number of holes are made in the aluminum exterior. Lubricating liquid splashes from the cylinder of polymer muscle tears off nerve canvas at various places.

"... ... Stop it !!"

Rinko screamed unexpectedly. However, enemy soldiers in the screen cried something again in intense English, and pulled the trigger of rifle three times. The robot waggles, one step, another step backward.

"The exterior of Unit 2 can not bear with it!!"

It was certain that I could not make it in time, lieutenant Nakanishi tried to rush a handgun in his hands.

That moment.

A new gunshot echoed from the speaker in a row.

From the near side of the aisle, the third person shoots running while shooting a handgun. The body of enemy soldier shakes greatly to the right, to the right. From right behind, it is a brilliant arm to keep shooting without firing one machine body at all. Who on earth.

At the end of Rinko's line of sight where he forgot his breath and opened his eyes, he finally burst his blood from the chest of the enemy soldier, collapsed and stopped moving as it was played.

Immediately after, the rescuer also slowly knees at the middle of the aisle.

I sat down in the sideways direction. Rinko manipulated the mouse with trembling hands and zoomed the camera.

Bangs on forehead. Black eyeglasses that are diagonally off. The mouth seemed to be laughing slightly.

"Ki ... Kikuoka-san!?"

"Colonel lieutenant ... ...!"

Rinko and Nakanishi screamed at the same time.

This time, the SDF members will run out of the room with such a rolling momentum. Several security staff will follow. Rinko could not do any more to stop them.

Instead, one of the technical staff jumps to the console. The keyboard is repeatedly hit, and the status that you think is the one of Unit 2 is displayed.

"Left arm, output zero. Right arm, sixty-five percent, left leg right leg, both are seventy percent. Battery remaining, thirty percent, it can move, it can still move!"

Unit No. 2 resumed its forward movement as if the staff's screams were heard.

Right, Left. Right, Left. Along with awkward walking, sparks splash from a chestplate. At the same time as a ragged body dives in the door, Rinko switched the camera to the image inside the engine room.

The second heat-resistant door was physically locked with a large lever. The right arm of Unit 2 strikes the lever and tries to push it down. The elbow actuator runs idle, and a large amount of sparks scatter.

"Please ... ..."

At the same time Rinko dazzled, cheers came up from there in the sub control room.

"Ganbare, Niemon!"

"Good luck, there you are!"

However, this time.

The lever descended with a heavy sound.

Instantly, a thick metal door opened to be pressed by the pressure from inside. The terrible hot air spouted out was perceived through the monitor as well.

Unit 2 staggers. A thick smoke flows from the back sparks intensely.

"Ah ... ... Oh, no !!"

Unexpectedly, one of the technical staff cried.

"What ... what's wrong !?"

"Battery compartment is damaged!! If it runs out, the power supply to the whole is stopped ... ... it will be impossible to move completely ..."

Rinko and other staff uniformly exclaimed.

Kayaba himself residing in Unit 2 probably noticed the serious damage. Hold the shaking plate with the right elbow and resume walking slowly.

The inside of the engine room which he at last reached, reached a high temperature which can not be tolerated by very human beings, because it can not discharge the high heat released by the nuclear reactor which continues full power operation.

Probably, the safety device will work soon, the control rod will automatically rush to stop the nuclear apparel clothing.

However, if plastic bombs burst faster and destroy the control rod drive. Large quantities of neutrons released from nuclear fuel continue to collapse the uranium atom in a chain and eventually lead to a critical state that is uncontrollable.

The molten core destroys the pressure vessel by steam explosion of the primary cooling water and the core penetrates the containment vessel and the bottom of the ship while being pulled by gravity and reaches the sea surface.

Rinko's mind briefly glimpsed the image of white smoke spouting through Ocean Turtle.

Close your eyes and pray again.

"Please ......Akihiko-san......!"

Everyone resumed cheering as soon as well. Unit No. 2 approached the nuclear reactor so as to be pushed by them. Switch to the last camera.

Instantaneous noise flooded from the speech power. The image of the monitor stains red in emergency lights. There are only two and six meters far from the Unit 2 which separates hot air and moves forward to drag one leg and the plastic bomb sticking to the top of the containment vessel.

The right hand of the robot is lifted toward the detonator. Sparks are scattered all over the body from time to time, fragments of the exterior fall to the floor one after another.

" Ganbare... Ganbare ... Ganbare! ...!"

The sub control room was filled with only one word. Rinko also grabbed both fists and shouted with a voice.

Another 4 meters.

Three meters.

Two meters.

Suddenly an explosive spark caught from the back of Unit 2.

A tear-off, black hanging black cliff seemed to be a gutted viscera.

All sensors on the head lost the light. The right arm sank loosely.

Both knees bent and folded —

Unit 2 was completely silenced.

The output graph of each part which was swaying side by side in the main monitor all fell down and blacked out.

Technical staff told in a whispering voice.

"...... All outputs, disappeared ...... It happened ..."

_— I did not believe in miracles._

Formerly Death Game SAO was cleared much faster than scheduled and all the players were released, Kayaba Akihiko who awakened in the mountain bed said that to Rinko.

The eyes were full of calm light, and the mouth surrounded by the beard has a faint smile.

_— But you know. It was the first time since I was born I saw a miracle today.  
— He refused to disappear, even though he was pierced by my sword and had a hit point to be completely zero, as if against the system...... Move the right hand and stab the sword against my chest, he did.  
— Perhaps, I might just have been waiting for that one moment ... ...._

"... .... Akihiko!!"

Rinko cried without noticing that blood dripped from the right hand clenching the pendant.

"Just be Heathcliff the "Holy Sword"! If you try be the biggest rival of "Black Swordsman" Kirito too, do something about a miracle ... please do it!

Chi-ka.

Chi-ka-chi-ka…

A blinking red light is a ranging sensor of the head of Unit 2.

The exposed muscle cylinder shakes small.

Purple light shimmer at the lower end of the blacked out status window.