## Part 5

"Dad - !!"

As I logged in to ALO, I accepted the small figure that jumped swiftly with both hands.

When lifting up at most, holding it in your chest, you will slide your clams while from a throat murmuring like a cat "Uur~".

As a daughter of me and Asuna, Yui which is a top-down "strong AI" is met daily from a week before I was allowed to use Amusphere. Nevertheless, the degree of sweetness does not decrease.

But, of course, I do not plan to scold at all. Anyway, Yui was a big success, as she tracks where I disappeared and predicts that the people who attacked Ocean Turtle will use VRMMO players from other countries and take countermeasures. That’s true.

Whether you were satisfied with a single sweetheart, the white dress in the arms melted away in the light and instead a palm-size Pixie appeared. Shake the transparent wing and fly up and sit in a fixed position on the left shoulder.

Again, I looked around the log house of the 22nd floor  Incrad new generation in our house — ALO.

Even though we are visiting every evening, the nostalgic feeling that comes in is undiminished.

Perhaps it may be somewhat similar to a cabin near Rulid where lived with Alice in the Underworld for half a year. At that time, I was almost in a state of mental loss, so I remember the memory is unclear, but I feel that the feel of calm daily life still remains in my mind.

Alice's sister Selka who brought me food everyday said that she chose to freeze herself for a long time to meet Alice again. it was only thing I told Alice that before I was erased memory.

Since that time Alice does not put it out of her head and is looking forward to the day when she can return to the underworld again. I also want to fulfill that hope soon. However, there is still no line connected to the Ocean Turtle under the blockade off the Izu Island. We have to wait for Kikuoka's plan to be fulfilled.

Switching thinking with a short sigh, I turn around with Yui on the shoulder.

Then, my eyes met with Asuna smiling as if I was all looking forward to my emotions. I join hand with her with light blue hair and leave home.

It was a time when Alvheim was getting faded away at night. The dawn light which started to be inserted from the outer circumference is received by the widened wing and it flies farther.

A lot of players were already gathered at the base of the world tree, the square before the gigantic dome. I find the usual faces in that corner and descend rapidly.

"You are late, Kirito!"

Bear my fist lightly against Klein's fist that is sent out as soon as I land.

As usual, he smiled grinningly under a bad taste bandana, continuing with katana's use, in a funny tone.

"Since you can teleport, shouldn’t you appear in advance, like a decent hero-sama?"

"That is not a teleportation, it's super-fast flying technique"

"It’s both, both!!"

Hit back on a grand scale.

Egil standing with his arms folded next to Klein has also presented a huge fist. When we exchanged greetings with him, I will catch up with this as well as breaking the face of the beard.

"If you become accustomed to such super-performance accounts, do not you have trouble in normal skills? After the meeting maybe swing it a little…"

"Well ..."

It is irritating. If you fight at ALO now, you forget that you can not do psychological attacks or incarnation, it seems that you will try to play the sword only by fighting.

"... .... Here, I will show you the technique I prepared for the second time visiting Underworld."

For the time being, I turned sideways after I heard that, there was a smile of Leafa, which shines a long ponytail to morning sun, and Sinon smacked a long bow on my shoulder. In turn, meet and palm and greet.

Of course, the two of us face each other many times right after the awakening.

From Leafa / Suguha, I heard the she helped the chief of Oak chief Rirupirin and till the end they fought together. She pictured like it all ended with that cried face with people crowded around when you stroked your head as "Good luck", the fight with the devil god of the "green swordsman" leaving a strong impression on the men of the dark territory, is a pretty bad fight. But at the same time I was deeply convinced. Anyway, Suguha is a true swordsman who continues to push forward the way of the sword that I dropped out without losing its side.

The chief of the Ork declared that he will continue waiting for the future for the second coming of a green swordsman who called them as human beings at the battlefield. Even now, 200 years have passed, the intention must have been transmitted without any alteration.

Sinon talked to me a pattern of a single battle with Gabriel Miller, and revealed that he was himself, "Saturatier" who defeated Sinon with the 4th Bullet • of • Bullets. It is said that ‘the talisman’ saved her from being paralyzed by Gabriel's psychological attack who was able to dangerously absorb consciousness.

She did not tell me what it was exactly, but I also told Sinon the trend of the decisive battle with Gabriel and what happened to that man in the real world.

After the raiders withdrew in the submarine, there was no figure of Gabriel in the first STL room and another enemy Laughin’ • Coffin head PoH, but I understand a certain thing from the STL log.

First of all, Gabriel Miller was lost just after battle with me, as much of the fluctlight was swept away by excessive information. Immediately afterwards the heart stopped and it is certain that he died.

PoH seems a bit more complicated. Even after the marginal acceleration phase started, he kept mental activity for about 10 years at internal time. After that the fluctlight activity gradually declined, and it seems that intellectual activity has almost disappeared after thirty years.

This is a terrible imagination, but after winning PoH, I transformed the avatar to a simple tree to prevent him from logging in again, and left it as it was. In other words, he has spent several decades with inputs other than skin sensation completely cut off. It is natural for fluctlight to collapse, and Higa said that it was definitely made into a vanity, even though he was physically alive.

Although indirectly, it is no different that I robbed their life. But, even if I take the crime, I do not regret it. Because I think that it is to bless many underworld people who died in the beliefs  killed by the highest priest administrator.

After finishing greetings with Sinon and Leafa, I also shake hands with Lisbet and Silica standing side by side next.

"It was all Liz that persuaded Japanese players, a speech, I wanted to ask you too"

As I said so, Lisbet laughed at him like a shy boy.

"There is no such a great speech, what are you saying... ...."

"I was, it was sooooooo a great spirit!"

The triangular ears of the interrupted silica are pulled tautly by Lisbet.

"Silica, thanks"

As I laughed and my head was lowered, a small beast tamer did not say a word through sharp teeth.

'Well, then, please take a reward'

As soon as I say it, I embrace it with both hands. Until the light blue small dragon Pina from her right shoulder flew to my head while singing "Ku-ru~!" (//Yes, Pina makes same sound as big dragons of Underworld/)

"Oh! What are you doing!"

Lisbet, in turn pulled the tail of Silica draggingly. 

Fugi-yo! A strange sound and saying, laughter is filling all the surroundings.

When I looked around, there were several folds of stairs around us.

Below the lord Sakuya leading the players of Silph. Alicia Rue and Cait Sith. Salamanders led by Eugene. Also, I can see the appearance of Siune, Jun from Sleeping Nights.

— It came back.

I felt the strongest since I woke up at the RATH Roppongi branch at this moment.

With this, it’s far from complete happy ending. The destiny of the Underworld is totally uncertain and there are many problems to be solved, such as improving relationships with VRMMO players in the US, China and South Korea that have deteriorated.

I quietly asked Lisbet hanging on the right arm against Silica.

"...... Restoration of items lost in the Underworld, is it possible?"

"Oh ... yeah ... ...."

Always a healthy face, slightly cloudy.

Fortunately, the ALO, GGO, and many other seed worlds accounts of players who to Underworld for their relief are not lost, they were recompiled into the original VRMMO they made it in.

Unfortunately, we did not return weapons and armor which were destroyed or robbed in the battlefield. They are rare items that can not be easily obtained, and it seems that Lisbet is currently requesting the operators of each VRMMO whether they can recover the data somehow.

"... Most of the operators say related to convergence ‘items Lost is self-responsibility’, it's stance, but it is because there is a possibility of restoration if data is left on the Underworld server. I checked with Higa-san from RATH. He seems to be waiting for reconnection of the line .... "

"Okay ... but ... I think Higa will do something with it ... and the players in China and South Korea ... ...?"

"It's difficult, but possible"

The expression of Lisbet sank even further.

"Because it was a terrible battle .... But, it was not until now that there were causes for it that made things that far. There is also an opinion on the Japanese side, too, the Japanese seed nexus. We shut off all overseas connections, so this time the story is raising trying to open up ALO in order to make the dialogue resumption a reality. Today, that is also discussed I think”

"It's nice, the walls, even if we exacerbate the relationship, there is no other way around ..."

In my brain that answered, there was the prospect of the mountain range that ended with the underworld's human world and dark worlds separated by hundreds of years.

After seeing the horizon of Alvheim which is hazy blurred for a while, turn my eyes on the root of the world tree. The marble gate opens wide and the players enter the internal dome one after another.

 