## Part 7

I looked around my room that I came back for the first time in two months.

The PC desk and the wall rack. Pipe bed, plain curtain.

Nostalgic ... ... I think it is strange for its stormy view before I think. As a matter of fact, it is the first time in a year and eight months in a subjective sense to see this room. And in total, I spent two and a half years in Underworld.

In my room at the North Centoria Sword Art Academy, it was cozy with plenty of wooden furniture, beautiful carpets, paintings' foreheads and flower arrangement and made me entertain the eye.

As a matter of fact, Ronnie and Teise, who were our valets, and then ... the beautiful smile of Yujio, next to them.

Painful feeling in chest, which should have changed into memories, vividly revives, I clog my throat.

Drop clothes bags on the floor, make a few more steps and sit down on the bed. If you lay the body sideways, it's just dried up, there is a smell of sun from the sheets.

Close your eyes.

A faint voice echoes in the back of my ear.

— If you are taking a nap, do not do it until the practice of sacred art is over. Are you planning to copy me again?

— Yes, I've tried tweaking the technique I learned during this time. Let's go to the training ground later.

— Oh, I went out again and bought some sweets! Here, have some!

— Look, get up, Kirito.

— Kirito ... ....

I slowly rotated the body and buried my face in the pillow.

Since I woke up at RATH Roppongi branch, I still enduring this.

I grasped the bedsheet, tied it and bound the teeth. I cried up with a loud voice. Tears flowing without stopping like a child, trembled, cried alone.

Because —.

Can’t be worse, all the memories were erased!

All, since I woke up all alone in the forest, walked around the banks of the stream, led by axe sound, and met a boy under a black big tree, all of the memories of two and a half years!

No matter how much I cried, I kept crying, the tears never ran out.

Eventually, the door was knocked with a low-key sound.

I did not reply, but following the sound the knob turns, a small footstep sounded. The bed got slightly sunk in the immediate vicinity of me staying in the pillow.

The finger caresses my hair carefully.

For me who stubbornly keeps his face down, a gentle but firmly coaxial voice was applied.

"Talk, brother ... That was the world, fun things, sad things, everything"

"... ...."

I was still silent for a few seconds.

When I turned my face to the right after a while, in the field of shedding tears, a smile of a single leaf of Suguha came up.

I came back. Home. To the family.

The past is far away, and it is going on now. Just briefly, to the front, to the front.

After closing my eyes and wiping my tears, I opened my lips shivering.

"... When I first met in the middle of a deep forest, he was just a lumber.

I thought it was incredible, he was trying to cut down only one cedar tree over 300 years, for generations ... "

It was August 16th 2026 when I came back home in Saitama Prefecture Kawagoe City after rehabilitation.

That night, spending a whole round, I told Suguha about what happened in the underworld (//I guess he told her what he still remembers only, right?/). The next morning, I was woken up by a phone call.

It was a news from RATH Roppongi branch that Alice had disappeared.

***

Monday, August 17th 2026, 9am.

"... ... ... disappeared!? Fluctlight, is that what you mean?"

I kept clutching the mobile terminal pulling on t-shirt.

Dr. Koujiro across the line answered with a constantly strained voice while being suppressed.

『No ... ... entire machine body, OK? According to the video of the surveillance camera, it seems like she got out of security lock by herself last night and stole the security guard's keys and got out .』

"Did it herself ...?"

I exhale a little bit of my breath.

Currently, organizations and groups that are not happy about the existence of Alice will not be counted with fingers of both hands in Japan. Furthermore, if you count individuals wanting to destroy her for pragmatic, religious, creed or emotional reasons, you can not guess that number. If you were kidnapped by such a person, you can not use the sword or the sacred art, so now she has no means of protecting herself.

Because RATH also recognizes it, the security system of the Roppongi branch has been raised to the firmness of a little fortress. However, indeed it was a blind spot until Alice voluntarily disappeared.

The other point is why Alice ran into such a ruin —.

One week before, as soon as the vocal chat received in ALO is cut off, the word she leaked out revives to the mind.

In my ears, a painful exaggerated voice of Dr. Koujiro arrives.

『I was worried that Alice had an overwhelming burden. But are not you tired? Do not want to take a day off? Whatever I ask, she just shake her head with a smile .... 』

"Oh yes ... ... That's right, that proud knight will not blow someone a weak tone." 

『Except only one person, except you. ...... Kirigaya, I think Alice will definitely contact you. So .... Although you just went out of the hospital, I'm sorry, but ... 』

I quickly replied to the doctor who makes the ending muddy.

"Yes, I understand, if I’m contacted by Alice, I will be able to get there soon .... But ... Doctor, Alice can move so long distance?"

『We are also worried about it. With built-in battery alone, even if it is full charge, if you walk for about eight hours, if you run it will not keep that half. If you can not move anywhere near Roppongi ... ... If you find it there to an unfriendly person ... 』

"Because of her look ... ...."

