## Part 6

Higa Takeru was late for nearly an hour.

An old-fashioned keyboard placed on the knee. Of the right end, the Enter key, which became slippery and worn out, he hesitated if it should be pressed to not.

His 8-tatami apartment in the Higashi Gotanda is buried without a gap with the machinery that has been hoarding since I was a student. The waste heat released by them can not be completely processed by one old-style air conditioner, and the interior is gentle and hot. Because I am not turning on lights to reduce even one heat source, the red, green and blue LEDs are irregularly blinking in the space sinking into the darkness.

In front of Higa, where a chair is crowded, the 32-inch monitor installed on kotatsu emitting a dazzling light. There is no movement on the desktop screen. It is only a solid plain window is displayed in emptiness.

Higa leaves his back in the seat chair while sighing tens of times. The loaded frame gently weeps.

He said to the technical staff at RATH to go getting a change of clothes at home, so after 30 minutes he must have returned to the Roppongi branch again. Since Dr. Koujiro is dedicated to dealing with external work on a daily basis instead of lieutenant colonel Kikuoka, Higa is now effectively the manager of the Alisiation plan.

However, that by taking advantage of that position, he stole something from the branch secretly, — nobody knew.

That thing is now connected to a complicated mysterious device that sits on the right side of the TV. The device that is crammed in a handmade frame with the wiring in the foundation is definitely the most expensive and advanced gadget in this room. Apart from the blocked Ocean Turtle, and the one in Alice's machine body, it is the only existing interface for light cubes.

The connected item is a metal packaging with one side of six centimeters.

Higa glared while watching the cold gloss of the cube.

"... ... it’s not gonna work"

Retract the index finger from above the enter key.

"It will collapse soon. Copies of me and Kiku-san were also. The human soul stored in the light cube is absolutely resistant to the recognition that it is a copy of itself. No ... Even if so... ....”

Higa breathed a lot and my chest without saying that. He struck the Enter key with the fingertip that he put forward again.

The program runs. A large fan of a full tower PC increases rotational noise.

In the center of the black window displayed on the monitor, a rainbow-colored synchrotron emerges as if a star were born.

Numerous peaks are sharp, powerfully penetrate the darkness. Shaking, trembling, shining.

Eventually the familiar voice echoed quietly from the speech placed on both sides of the monitor.

『... ... Perhaps, Higa-san?』

Higa drank some water and given out the answer with a sweet voice.

"That ... ... is so, yes."

『You did not erase me. To be exact ... ... I am a copy, should I say?』

"How could I ...... It can not be erased, no way!!"

Higa cried out with a voice that killed any attempt to excuse his acts.

"You are the first fluctlight that survived the time of 200 years! No ... ... In human history, it has become the human being who lived the longest time! You can not be erased ... That's right, Kirito!"

Higa called the name of the opponent while feeling the perspiration spreading in both hands.

In the upper part of the window, digital numbers indicating the elapsed time from startup are swiftly switched.

Thirty two second ... thirty-three seconds.

Kirigaya Kazuto in Underworld survives the limiting acceleration phase as long as 200 years, and his fluctlight immediately after awakening realizes that he is already a duplicate of himself.

In our previous experiments, all the copying behaviors lost their calmness from the point of getting its recognition, fell into a depression, it came to a collapse without exception while releasing a bizarre cry. Higa restrained his teeth and waited for a response from speaker.

After a few seconds —.

『... ... I was expecting that you will do such a thing...』

Quiet words similar to dazzling.

『...... Higa. Is it only my fluctlight that was copied?』

"Ah ... ... Oh, during your memory erase operation, I have distracted Kikuoka-san and Dr. Koujiro for long enough only to duplicate you..."

『Really……?』

With the silence again, the reproduction consciousness sealed in the light cube talked in a gentle voice to the last.

『I have talked with the Queen...... to Asuna. If we reach this situation, what should we do? Asuna said. If it’s only me who is duplicated, shall be promptly erased. If we were both replicated, I would like to use the remaining time for real world and underworld reconciliation...』

"Well ... What if you alone, what would you do then?"

Higa asked me to be caught.

When I heard the word I returned, I learned a deep shiver.

『So far, I will fight for the underworld. Because I am a guardian of that world ...』

"... ... Fight ... ....?"

『Underworld is currently in a very unstable situation. It would be so?』

"Surely ... ... that’s something ... ...."

『That world is sadly helpless in the real world. Energy, Hardware, Maintenance, Network ...... It is necessary to depend on the human beings of real world to maintain all the infrastructure. So, very long-term safety can not be guaranteed.』

Already, the elapsed time exceeds two minutes. However, the tone of the replicating body is calm, it can not be seen in particular it is going to collapse.

While Higa stretched his spine on the seat of chair, he unconsciously refuted.

"But that's not going to happen, the underworld's entity, Lightcube • Cluster can only be powered from the Oshayan Turtle, and that ship is now under the control of the government. If it is decided, there is possibility that power will be dropped tomorrow and clusters will be completely initialized..."

『How much nuclear fuel do we have?』

Suddenly, I got hit by an unexpected question, Higa winked.

"Well ...... Well, that was originally from the pressurized water type for the submarine ... ... If you want to keep the cluster, perhaps the next four or five years ..."

『So in principle, there is no need to refuel for that period. In other words, if every interference from the outside is prevented, underworld can survive, right?』

"However, even if it says to prevent it ...... Ocean • Turtle has nothing to do with arms!"

『I said, it’s gonna be fight』

Quiet, gentle, but the voice reminiscent of the steel blade sounded briefly.

"... ... fighting ... ... but now, the satellite line is also shut off, we can not even communicate with Ocean Turtle ..."

『There is a line. There should be some.』

"Where, where ... ...!?"

Higa who instinctively began to hear the answer that he did not anticipate.

『Heathcliff ... No, Akihiko Kayaba. I need the power of that man. First of all, I have to look for him. Higa-san... ... Do you cooperate?』

"Ka ... Kayaba-sempai...... !?"

That man should have died ... no, he should have died twice.

First time, at the mountains in Nagano. Second time, in the engine room of Ocean Turtle.

However, Niemom's body which Kayaba Akihiko's thought imitation program was hiding in was suddenly disappeared.

"Are you alive……"

Higa who moaned, forgot to check the time display of the windows already, he was relieved.

What is going on?

Copies of Kayaba Akihiko and Kazuto Kirigaya, which should be former enemies. These two ... No, what happens when the two meet.

Perhaps ... ... I’m opening the lid of the Pandora’s box... ....

For a moment, such thinking haunted the mind, but it was quickly blown away by overwhelming excitement.

I want to see. I want to know the future.

Higa breathed heavily, exhaled, and said with a shivering voice.

"...I ... I’ll find out ... there are some old friends from the old times... ... I will send an encrypted message ......"

That’s it, I can not turn back.

Hira closing both eyes, wiping the sweaty palm with a t-shirt, and started to beat the keyboard steadily.

On the monitor, a gigantic synchrotron radiation that did not fit in the window frame periodically shook the rainbow shine to watch Higa's fingertips.
