## Part 3

Higa Takeru looked at the press conference from RATH Roppongi branch, which is close to the hall.

The shoulder of the right hand shot at the Ocean • Turtle raid incident was severely cured and the cast was also taken away. However, scars penetrated by the pistol bullet still remain clearly. It seemed possible to erase it if you undergo plastic surgery, but Higa is going to leave it as it is.

TV switched from the live broadcast of the press conference to the studio, and the castor began to explain this "major incident".

『...... This organization of marine resources exploration research is that we were conducting research on autonomous submarine for deep sea exploration within self-propelled mega float "Ocean Turtle ", but recently a massive reported raid We are also talking about the relationship with the story.』

The commentator nods deeply and comments.

『Yes, in one theory, it is said that the purpose of the attack itself was to take this artificial intelligence. Although it is difficult to conclude in the current situation and even the identification of the criminal group is not done ...』

『There is also the question of why the SDF escort ship "Nagato" was berthing in the neighboring waters at that time, why did not you go to relief for twenty-four hours? Although the defense ministry responded to the National Assembly that the security of the hostage had the highest priority, however, in reality, the victims have been exposed to security personnel …』

The screen switches there, and a face picture of one man appears.

Black clothes, glasses hide facial expressions underneath the SDF's first type of ceremonial clothes hidden in the eye for a minute without any gaps.

Title appears next to the picture.

【Seiichiro Kikuoka-san who sacrificed himself in the raid incident. 】

Higa pushed the words with a long sigh.

"No way ... ... you who did not think she would become a victim of a lady, Kikuoka-san..."

Then, a person standing by the side shook his head.

"Oh yeah, really it was ... ...."

Cotton three-quarter length pants, sneakers came out and a bad taste pattern shirt. From the shorter head of the shaved head, a thin beard stinging from the ear to the chin is stored. On the face, mirror lens sunglasses.

A monster who took out a cheesy ramune candy container from his chest pocket and finally threw it into a single grain mouth kept smiling and finally continued.

"But this is the best hand, Higa-kun. Even though I kept being left untouched I could literally be erased when I got stuffed or I could literally disappear and it was only when there was a pressure that a dead man came out in the case of an attack, so I could drive the domestic disturbing forces over there. Well, it is surprising that the defense secretary of defense of that Teippen was a big deal.”

"It seems that a considerable amount of money has flowed from the American weapons maker to the vice-minister, but ... as it is ..."

Higa returned his eyes to the TV and asked while shrugging his shoulders.

"Really, do not you publicize this human fluctlight extensively like this? Well then, the plan to install the unmanned weapon, which is the final goal of RATH, is a completely undoable, Kiku-san."

"The good thing, in short, even you can tell it to the US side even that it is possible."

RATH commander who was able to escape injury to the organs and to recover sooner than Higa, while piercing through the flank with the ballistic bullet in bullets fired from the attacker's assault rifle • Seiki Kikuoka finally barely finished and laughed.

"With this weapons maker in the other side will not be able to manage such as pushing the technological release publicly on the vertical AI development. When the human fluctlight has already been perfectly completed, see this interview. Well, they will have no choice but to give up ... No, altogether ... Alice's beauty is more than human ...... "

Kikuoka looked up at the image of Alice once again displayed on the TV screen, and Kikuoka glanced at the thin eyed eyes of the sunglasses.

"That's right ...... exactly, the crystal spirit of the Alicization process ..."

For a while, even though closing all together, Higa thought in a corner of his head.

_Speaking of which — RATH was aiming to realize "high adaptive artificial intelligence", who gave the initial letters "ALICE". That girl was raised with the name of Alice even in Underworld Was it eventually just a miraculous coincidence?  
If not by chance, what reasons could exist there. Like Yanai, is it the result of someone interfering inside secretly by RATH staff? Or ... ... In addition to the staff, I logged on someone to Underworld......_

Higa stopped thinking, when turning around, I watched the two STLs lining the back of the large room.

He himself — Kazuto Kirigaya lies down on the same machine used for three consecutive days of continuous diving just a few months ago.

A catheter for infusion on the left arm. An electrode for electrocardiogram monitoring on the chest. The face whose eyelids were closed seems to have more meat falling during the coma of three weeks than since it was transported from Ocean • Turtle.

However, the sleeping face was calm. In the mouth, it seems that even satisfaction is drifting.

That was the same as one young girl sleeping immediately next to him — Yuki Asuna.

The fluctlight activity of the two people is continuously monitored by STL.

Not all reactions have disappeared from the brain. If the fluctlight is completely self-destructed, even breathing will stop. However, the spiritual activity has declined to the limit and the hope of recovery is no longer being declined.

That is also natural. Kirigaya and Asuna should have experienced a huge time of 200 years before the marginal acceleration phase is stopped. Its length can only be imagined for Higa who lives only twenty-six years. It is already a miracle that the heart is still moving after the years that exceeded the theoretical lifespan of fluctlight.

Explanation and apology for the two families were carried out by Higa and Dr. Koujiro as soon as they were transferred to Roppongi. They revealed almost all the truth, except that the entity of RATH is partly composed of a minister and a members of SDF and related workers.

The parents of Kirigaya Kazuto did not disturb the things and just showed tears. It may have been because the sister had already heard the rough circumstances. The problem was father of Yuki Asuna.

In any case, he is the former President and CEO of that gigantic enterprise. Angry is fiercely, but was the momentum just does murder the same day accused, was the mother had stopped it surprisingly.

Asuna’s mother who is a professor at the university, stroking the sleeping daughter's hair, said.

_— I believe in my daughter. My daughter never does something that will silence and disappear to us. She surely will come home cheerfully. So, I will wait a little more._

_At this time, the two parents will also be watching a press conference broadcast. The figure of new human beings that their children kept safely.  
Alice — It can not sacrifice this memorial day, when artificial fluctlight took the first step into the real world daringly.  
So, please wake up, Kirito-kun, Asuna-san._

Kikuoka suddenly pushed the arm of Higa with his elbow.

"Hey, Higa-kun"

"... .... what, Kiku-san. I am concentrating now."

"Higa-kun, if you see that ... ... look"

"If it is a press conference, let's finish already, the reporter's question is almost within the range of expectation ..."

Higa, who raised his face while mumbling, realized that the arm of Kikuoka holding the Ramune container points to the right sub monitor, not the relay screen.

The two windows displayed there are real time monitoring information of the two STLs.

A vaguely light white ring is floating on a black background. Its gloomy shimmer that does not move in a minute, the afterglow of the sleeping boy and girl ... ...

Pi-kin.

And a very small peak protruded from a part of the ring and soon faded away. Higa blinked under glasses violently and panted with a throat pinched.

***

The voices of Dr. Koujiro echoed in the vast press conference hall again.

『... ... It will take a long, long time. There is no need to rush to a conclusion. I would like you to interact, feel and think through the virtual world with people who are supposed to be born after a new process in the future. That is the only thing the organization wants this viewer to watch. 』

After finishing the speech, the doctor seated, but there was no applause.

On the reporters' face, still more embarrassment still floats.

Immediately, the next questioner raised his hand and stood up.

『Doctor, how do you think about the danger? In other words, it can be said that AIs absolutely have no way to extinct human beings and rule the earth? 』

As if killing by a look, Dr. Koujiro answers.

『Except for one case, it is impossible. It is only when we try to extinct them from us. 』

『But in many novels and movies from long ago ... 』

At the time the question was about to continue, Alice, who was seated, all of a sudden rose strongly. Pulls the body as if the questioner were pressured.

Alice opened her eyes wide and looked in the empty space as if he listened to the distant sounds, after a few seconds he said shortly.

『I urgently need to leave. I will excuse myself here. 』

She turns her long blonde and quickly disappears to the sleeve of the stage at the maximum speed at which the body of the machine can come out.

Reporters, as well as countless viewers in front of television, also lost their words quietly.

Urgently — said Alice, is there more important than this meeting?

Dr. Koujiro who was left alone on the stage looked like she was surprised, but eventually changed her expression as thought of something. There was no press who breathed heavily and noticed that a faint smile had gone past its exhilarating mouth.

***

It is not a mistake to see.

Pulses generated concurrently at the Kirigaya and Asuna fluctlights keep steadily increasing their peaks with a slow cycle of about ten second intervals.

"Ki ... Kiku-san!"

While Higa panted, he turned to STL behind.

There is no change in their sleeping faces.

But —.

Even while Higa watches over, the color of blood gradually rises little by little to the two heads. The beat of the heart is getting stronger. The display on the monitoring device tells us that the body temperature is rising little by little.

_I wonder if I can expect it. It is said that they are trying to resuscitate from the death of the soul awakened by some miracle._

For the next ten minutes, for Higa, it was a time that felt as long as the time of the marginal acceleration phase.

While convoking the vacant staff in the branch and making that and this or preparing it quickly, I looked up at the monitor and confirmed that the two fluctlights approached normal state. Otherwise, I felt that the synchrotron radiation pulsed in rainbow colors disappeared like a vision.

It is a nutritional supplement jelly, which is an oral rehydration solution, as soon as I can think of it, I am ready and when there is no longer anything other than waiting.

The door of the entrance slid and the unexpected figure appeared there. Higa and lieutenant colonel Kikuoka shouted out loudly.

"A ... Alice?!"

A girl with blond hair, who should be in the press conference of the century at Roppongi Hills, ran to the two STLs while driving the whole body actuator high.

"Kirito ...... Asuna!"

Call the names of two people with a slightly trembling voice and kneel down by gel bed.

Higa directed the eyes that he opened up to the huge wall-mounted TV. The screen was switched to the studio, and the caster comments on what happened to the main character of the interview who suddenly disappeared in such a hurry.

"... Well, Dr. Koujiro will manage it"

Kikuoka smiling murmured this, and turned off the TV screen.

Certainly, it is not a press conference now. Higa checked the state of Kirigaya and Asuna, then watched Alice looking backwards as she prayed silently next to them.

Alice was brought from the Ocean Turtle to RATH Roppongi branch in a dormant state in a light cube package. And it was installed in the machine body No. 3 which is Unit 2 modified to Alice 's appearance and woke up in Real World.

As she whitewashed at a press conference, the shock suddenly thrown out to a strange world would have been serious. The only thing that made her adapt so far to a drastic change in the past three weeks is that there was only one strong determination. Specifically — to meet Kirito and Asuna again.

The time has come at last.

Both hands of Alice lifted up with a faint motor sound, wrapped the Kirigaya right hand lying on the gel bed.

His fingertips moved small.

The frown eyelashes shake wiggly.

Lips slightly opened — open — opened wider —.

The eyelids lifted slowly and weakly.

I can not see the light of mind in the black eye that reflects the daylight lamps light. He took a moment to say something slowly.

From the opened lips, a respiratory sound similar to a sigh leaks. Eventually the vocal cords shake the sound.

"... ....ee ... dee .........."

Higa’s back was covered by running ice-cold shivers. _That sound resembles somewhere with the bizarre screams that the cloned fluctlight releases, just before the collapse ...._

Licked lips.

"... .... be ... ... o ...... rai"

What followed it was a different sound.

It will be alright. (//Kirito <s>says</s> tries to say this in English/.) Kirigaya said this. Definitely.

Another voice gently flowed into the room where it stopped quietly.

"Sure" (//Asuna says this in English./)

It was Asuna who opened the mouth with the next STL.

They crossed the eyes and gently nodded.

And Kirigaya who turned his face in the opposite direction smiled at Alice holding his hand.

"... ... Hi, Alice, it's been a long time"

"... ... Kirito ... ... Asuna"

Alice called whispering voice for their two names, and they also smiled and repeatedly blinked violently. As if to regret that there is no function to shed tears.

Kirigaya told such a wonderful line to Alice looking at him.

"Alice, your sister Selca chose the way to wait for your return in the deep-frozen state. Central Cathedral, Eightieth Floor, on that hill, still sleeping."

"... ...!!"

Alice's body violently shakes, hearing the words that can not be understood by Higa, blond hair hid the expression slide down to the shoulders.

Swish — someone put her hand on the back of Alice who turned up her face.

She looked at Kirigaya and Kikuoka first, and then met Higa's eyes.

At that moment, there was a strange feeling in Higa's soul. _It's not impressive. I am not interested either. In such a wai...fu?_

Two hundred years.

A soul passed through infinite years.

Towards freezing Higa, Kirigaya got a word.

"Come on, Higa-san, please delete me and Asuna's memory, our role is over."

