## Part 4

"Fua", I yawned and woke up.

As usual, mind is attacked by a slight misconception. Where is this place and when is it now?

However, the sense of incompatibility will fade away from day to day. That is to say that the past is getting away, like the water that flows away. It is sad and sad.

While lying in the bed, look up at the clock on the wall.

4 PM. After rehabilitation after lunch, it seems that I slept for about an hour and a half after taking a shower.

In the hospital room, the white light and the dark shadows falling from the blinds illustrate a sharp contrast. If you listen carefully, faint child crying somewhere will arrive. Also, the hustle and bustle of the city, produced by various machines and countless people.

I inhale deeply the air that smells of the sun and the antiseptic, spit out over time, I got out of bed.

Cross the wide room which is not wide, and move to the south-facing window. Open the curtains with both hands.

While narrowing my eyes on an intense west day, I looked at the gigantic city spreading under his eyes. Real World that consumes enormous resources, continues to work intensely and intensely. The world I was born.

On the other hand, I feel like returning to this world. Someday, the time will come for this hometown to disappear.

A slight knock sound arrived in my ears. As I turned around and responded "Please," the door slid to reveal the appearance of visitors.

She bundled long chestnut hair in two. White stripes and a summer-like ice blue flare skirt. Mule is also white.

Instantly blink both eyes in such a standing shape that sunlight particles remain.

Three days ago, she was discharged from the hospital a bit earlier than I. Laughing loudly while shaking a small bouquet of flowers held on the right hand.

"Sorry, I was late for a bit"

"No, I also helped, I got up just now."

Return a smile and lightly embrace Asuna that came into the room.

Then the left hand of Asuna stroked my arm and back.

"Well — it's still about 90% of the standard Kirito. Are you eating enough?"

"I'm eating, I'm eating everything. It can not be helped, I slept for two months as well."

I lift my hands with a bitter smile, and shrug shoulders.

"Besides that, they also decided the day of releasing me, date is the day after tomorrow"

"Really!?"

The face was made to shine, Asuna continued while stepping in to the vase in the side cabinet.

"Cool, I have to celebrate a cheerful moment with you, first in ALO, then in reality"

Quickly changed the water of the vase, removed the wilted flowers, then add the two rose of the vivid Purple and return it to the cabinet.

After staring for some time at clear color roses as if they are trying hard to get close to pure blue, I returned to previous posture.

When I sit down on the bed, Asuna comes next to me and sits down to the lap.

Nostalgic. However, I do not feel sharp puncture pain like that before.

I embrace the shoulder of Asuna who is leaning backwards, I forward my consciousness to the other side of memory.

That day.

I and Asuna left behind in the marginal acceleration phase entered the underworld of the ancient ruins first, and flew away from the "altar of the end" where flowers bloomed, crossing the jet-black desert and the flock of red rocks It joined the human world defense army.

Klein, Egil, Lizbet and others. There were no reinforcements from the real world in the area. They automatically logged out at the same time as acceleration started.

I appeared before young integrity knight Renri and Sortelina-sempai after soothing Tiese and Ronnie who cries. We reorganize our troops with them and follow the way to the north.

I returned to the "Great Eastern Gate".

I found the integrity Knights leader deputy Fanatio, the Knight Deussolbert, and the apprentice knights Fizel and Linel who remained in that place and the tense feeling reunion with the integrity knight Sheita, from whom I received a message from the fist I fighter head group chairman, temporary commander of the Dark Army.

Once the dark world army was returning to the imperial capital of the far east, with the surviving generals finishing the postwar processing, it was that he wanted to face a consultation with the human army forces one month later. After seeing Sheita who brought the ambassador's role herself and got off on the gray dragon flying east, all of the human forces defenders' troops came home to the central city Centoria.

The inhabitants of the towns and villages along the road somehow already knew that the war had ended and peace had come, and the defense army was caught up with terrible cheers.

After arriving at Centoria, it was already an eye-catching day.

We were busy by helping Fanatio who is the highest rank knight after the death of Bercouli with the rebuilding of the postwar, compensation to the family of the warriors who was sacrificed in the war and the axioms church, the holdback of Four Emperors and the Great aristocrats who tried to expand authority, and soon one month passed.

Again encountered the chairman Isukan which formally became the commander officer of the dark world army at the place of the farewell negotiations which was held again in the site of the the Great Eastern Gate.

A burning red warrior, a little younger than me, told me on the spot.

_— You’re older brother of "Green swordsman Leafa". They say you slayed Emperor Vector.  
— I do not doubt, let me try once._

And I and Isukan cried out each other without fight at the conference room and after that he nods as if he was convinced of something.

_— Certainly you are better than the emperor, and stronger than me. So, I will appreciate it ... .... If the praise is the first ... ...._

At that point, my memory is interrupted dully.

In the next scene, Higa Takeru-san of RATH is saying "I erased the memory, it was completed successfully" to me who woke up at the STL's gel bed.

According to Dr. Rinko Koujiro, me and Asuna said they have continued Underworld simulation for more than 200 years, far beyond the capacity limit of fluctlight. But I can not remember what I was doing for such a long time and how I avoided the collapse of fluctlight. The terrible thing is that after the awakening at the RATH Roppongi branch, I have completely forgotten the conversation that I exchanged with both Higa and Kikuoka.

It seems that Asuna is similar.

But she said with a usual honed smile.

_— Because it is about Kirito, it is definitely that he was going to run into various kinds of disputes and I had to rush away girls here and there._

I do not feel like forcibly remembering when I say so, but I can not erase just the painful feeling of loneliness.

Because it is probably already at this moment also in the underworld which should continue to operate at the same magnification time, Fanatio and Renri integrity knights, Isukan leading dark world men, Ronier, Tiese, Sortilina-sempai and Azurika-sensei are not alive ... ....

Asuna whispered suddenly as if I read my mind.

"Even if memory disappears, recollection remains"

_— That's it, Kirito. Do not cry ... Stay cool._

A nostalgic voice echoes gently in the back of the ear.

That's it. Recollections are not saved only in the memory field of the brain. It is engraved firmly in the fluctlight network that spreads throughout the whole body of cells.

I shaken off the tears that blew me off with blinks and stroked Asuna's hair while responding.

