## Part 2

Saturday, August 1st, 2026, 2 PM.

The day before the typhoon passed through the Kanto region and today the blue sky spreading through it spread.

To Roppongi Hills Arena in Minato Ward, numerous media both domestic and oversea crowded, and now it was waiting for that time late.

A live stream went on the TV and the live stream went on the net has already started broadcasting at the press conference hall. An excited voice of a reporter or commentator overlaps the noise of the hall.

The remarks of the experts are largely negative tones.

_<<... .... So, no matter how close to the real thing it is, forever there is no real thing to be real. It is similar to medieval alchemy. Where you have cooked or baked iron or copper, you can not make gold absolutely!>>_

_<<But according to a pre-press release spread, they succeeded in reproducing the human brain structure itself ...>>_

_<<I say that it is impossible! Well, in our brain, there are ten billion brain cells. Do you think they can reproduce it on machine or computer program? Seriously?>>_

"Of course ...... Can’t watch this from home. Saying shit like that I thought."

Cursing, Klein loosening the tie sloppily and without hesitation having a gin tonic glass already at noon.

A coffee shop/cafe that hides between shops in the back streets of Okachimachi, Taito Ward, "Dicey Café" was filled with a number of people and had no room for a standing cone. Even if there are no ads or tags on the door, customers were still arriving.

Sinon, Leafa, Lisbet, Silica and Klein sit side by side at the counter in front of the shopkeeper Egil. The four tethered are also surrounded with former SAO players and ALO Lords Sakuya, Alisha, Eugene; Sleeping Nights Siune and Jun; Thinker, Yulier and Sasha.

Everyone was watching a large television set on the back wall with beer, cocktail and soft drinks in hand.

Lisbet returns sighing mixed words to Klein who still complains about their criticism.

"You can not help it. Actually I still find it hard to believe myself because they made artificial intelligence in that virtual world in the server."

The next Sinon also mumbles while touching the temple of the glasses.

"It's true, something like the smell of air or the texture of the ground, it was more real than it was in reality"

When Leafa nods, Silica smiles bitterly.

"It was a privilege of Sinon-san and Leafa-san who dive with STLs ... Well ... at least the fields and objects were ordinary polygons for us with AmuSphere"

"But, it is obvious that the Underworlders are not just NPCs, are not they?"

Egil summarized it, that time.

The voice of the caster flowing from the TV took on the color of the tension.

"Huh, apparently the meeting seems to start! Then I will return the screen to the relay of the Meteor Center's immediately! "

The inside of the store gently and calmly comes back.

Dozens of VRMMO players drank their breath and the light of flash felt in the picture of a press interview. That moment that what they hardly kept is finally open to the public at last.

The first thing that appeared before the guns of TV cameras and still cameras that filled the vast venue was a woman who looked like a late twenties in a calm pant suit. Makeup on her face, brown short hair on her head.

Before the woman who stopped in front of the podium in which dozens of microphones lined up, there is a nameplate named 【Ocean Resources Exploration Research Organization, Dr. Koujiro Rinko】. Despite narrowing her eyes on the flash flood, doctor bowed with a dignified attitude and opened the briefing.

<<Thank you all for having gathered during the busy day, today we are going to announce the birth of genuine artificial general-purpose intelligence, which is the first in the world.>>

The place suddenly caught up in the theme, the noise flutters big.

Doctor lift the left hand with a cool face and showed good performance on the stage.

<<Then, let me introduce ... ..."Alice">>

In the gaze filled with expectation and doubt gathered, it appeared from behind the silver stage panel. —— Long golden hair. A skin that is whiter than snow. It was a girl who wrapped her slender limbs and thin body in a dark blue blazer.

While the flashing flash of the relay video was fired, the girl did not try to direct her face to the press seat rather than bow, and walked with the spine stretched outstretched. Successive shutter sounds and roar of murmured a faint motor sound that echoes with the girl's walking completely.

Cross the stage with a smooth gait, and stop at the side of Dr. Koujiro.

Finally, the girl turned around her body. The blond hair that she rocked is sparkling and glittering.

The eyes of a girl who overlooked the press seat silently was crystal clear blue.

The noise will gradually calm down focusing on beautiful face, both western and oriental type can not decide.

All people in the hall and countless viewers watching the relay realize intuitively that they are not the appearance of a living human being. What was made with human hands — a robot that covered the metal skeleton with silicone skin, that is no doubt. And if you are a feminine robot of similar type, you can see as many as you want at various theme parks and event venues.

However, in addition to the early smooth walking and perfect posture control, something that girls got from blond hair gave a long shock by giving unspeakable shock to humans.

Perhaps it was due to the deep shine hidden behind the blue eyes. The light of intelligence which never lives in a simple optical lens.

At last the reporter's seat completely quieted, the girl showed a strange smile and a strange gesture. Hold the lightly held right hand horizontally and touch the left part of the chest and bowed. The loose open left hand to the left waist as if to touch the invisible sword.

She quickly returned both hands and upper body, and when she laid her hair back down on her shoulder, the girl opened the lips of a light cherry blossom color. A clear voice drifts sweetness and purity, it flowed from the speech of the meeting place and myriad TV.

<<Real World, nice to meet you. My name is Alice. Alice • Synthesis • Thirty. >>

"Ah ... ... that, our school uniform!"

It was Silica who shouted. Spread the eyes a lot and compare the blazer she was wearing with Alice in the screen.

"It seems that she herself wanted"

Next to her Lisbet says while pinching the uniform ribbon.

"The same knights’ clothes as of those who came to the rescue of the human world defense force are said to be good, at least the same golden armor as wearing over there."

"No matter how much you guys in RATH tried, you could not prepare it as expected"

A peaceful laughter is born in the words of Leafa.

On the TV screen, Alice and Dr. Koujiro were seated in chairs behind the podium. Before Alice, the nameplate 【A.L.I.C.E. 2026 — Alice • Synthesis • Thirty】 will automatically rise up.

"...... Even so, it is a terrible degree of reproduction. I talked with her a bit in the Underworld, but when it comes across the screen, there is almost no difference ..."

When Sinon got dizzy like that, Dr. Koujiro inside the screen gently smiled and threw a word.

<<Well then, although it is somewhat exceptional, I would like you to begin with a question and answer session first.>> That arrangement was informed in advance, and countless hands rise from the press seat quickly.

It was a male reporter who came from a major newspaper company that was nominated first.

<<Er ... ... I will ask you about basic things, but how is Alice ...... different from the existing robot controlled by the program?>>

It was Dr. Koujiro who responded.

<<At this conference, Alice's physical appearance is not an important issue. Her brain ... I dare to call it not the brain, but the consciousness staying in the photon brain stored in the skull is not a program that can be replaced by the binary code, it is essentially the same as that of ours. That is an absolutely different point from existing robots.>>

<<Ha ... ... I would like to show it to us and viewers in an easy-to-understand way ...>>

Dr. Koujiro's eyebrows are faintly frowned.

<<The result of the Turing test is stated in the document handed>>

<<No, that's not it. For example, if you can show me the inside ... .... open the skull and the internal photon brain directly>>

Alice responded directly, after a momentarily disgusted facial expression, before saying something with a tough face.

<<Yes, I do not mind.>>

Keep smiling and a natural smile, keep on.

<<But before that, can you prove that you are not a robot, too?>>

<<Huh……? Of course, of course I am a human being ... ... even if it is said to prove>>

<<It's simple. Open the skull and let me see your brain.>>

"Wow ... Alice is angry at you"

Leafa smiles snuggly while shrugging his shoulders.

Players gathered in Daisy • Cafe have already got the opportunity to interact with Alice on-line in Alvheim • Online. Therefore, they knew a lot about her rugged character.

Of course, Alice created a new ALO account, so avatar's appearance is somewhat different from her. Still, the awesomeness of swordsmanship that can only be described as superhuman, and the inherent — that is, the pride of being an authentic knight, awoke and attracted many players.

In the screen, a reporter with stupid expression seated and the next questioner is standing up.

<<Er, I will ask Dr. Kojiro. Already, some voices of concern from partly unions are raised that industrial utilization of advanced artificial intelligence brings about a further rise in the unemployment rate etc ... >>

<<That fear is an outrageous thing. There is absolutely no intention of the organization to provide authentic AI as a simple labor force.>>

In a doctor 's comment that denies it quickly, a female reporter kept talking for a while and continued to feel more enthusiastic.

<<But it seems that expectations are also being applied from the economic world. Stock prices of industrial robot-related companies are on the rise, how about that.>>

<<Unfortunately, as mentioned in the document, the organization created the product called "human fluctlight", but they are not something that can be mass-produced in a short period of time. Born as a baby like us, growing while acquiring a unique personality from children to adults under parents and brothers. We believe that such intelligence should not be incorporated into industrial robots to force them to engage in labor. "

Occasionally the hall was silent.

A female reporter soon asked with a hard voice.

<<In other words, Doctor said that ... should we admit human rights to AI?>>

<<I know that it is not the topic that will draw a conclusion in a short time.>>

Dr. Koujiro's voice was gentle, but it touched an unwavering reverberation backed by a strong will.

<<But we should never repeat the past once again. That is certain. ...... Many years ago, many developed countries called colonial power colonized the developed countries to compete, let people in the country trade as products and engaged in forced labor. Even now after 100 or 200 years have passed, the grudge continues to drop a big shadow on the international community. At this moment, even if it is said that we want people to recognize artificial fluctlights as human beings and give them human rights, there will be a large number of people who feel discomfort. However, after a hundred or two hundred years, we should of course live in the same society as them, interchange without separation, or even take marriage or building a family. This is my conviction. Then, do we need a lot of blood and sorrow as in the process leading to that situation? Do you want to add histories that must be sealed back to human history again, which everyone does not want to remember?>>

<<But, doctor!>>

A female reporter cried as though she had forgotten herself.

<<They are too different from ours too, that our presence exists! How do you recognize things that have a body of machine without body temperature, like the same human being!?>>

<<I mentioned earlier that Alice's physical body is not the essence of existence.>>

In a cool tone, Dr. Koujiro answers.

<<Surely, she and we have different materials, different body of mechanisms. But that is only in this world. We already have places where we and human fluctlights can be recognized as completely identical.>>

<<Where is the place ...?>>

<<It is a virtual world. Currently we are shifting a significant percentage of our lives into a virtual space generated by "The Seed Package", a general-purpose VR spacing standard. This press conference today also hoped that everyone at your press wished to do it at VR, but it was decided to hold it in the real world at the request of this organization. That is because I wanted to recognize the difference between people and fluctlights for the first time. However, it is not so in the virtual world. Alice's artificial fluctlight photon brain has complete compatibility with The Seed standard VR spacing.>>

Again, the hall is very noisy.

Many reporters understood that if AI can dive into virtual space — that is, on the other side there is nothing to distinguish whether the other party is a human being or an AI.

A third questioner stood up after the female reporter who lost the words and seated. The man who wears a thin color sunglasses and wears a stylish jacket is a famous freelance journalist.

<<I would like to confirm first, but I did not know the name of the marine resource exploration research organization, I did not know it, is this an independent administrative corporation of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology? In other words, the funds invested in your research and development are taxes paid by Japanese citizens. If that is the result of that development ... will that human fluctlight not be said to be the property of the citizens? Whether it is a genuine AI or not, as an industrial robot, is it not in your power but the people who decide?>>

Dr. Koujiro's mouth, which has been continuously responding to questions without delay, has been lightly tightened for the first time.

She was reaching to face the microphone, but a white hand from the adjacent won. Alice who had been long silent.

A girl with a machine's body nodded rocking a long blond hair and opened her mouth.

<<I acknowledge and accept that you are a Real World person, my creator. I am also thankful that you have created me. However, once, one person who was born in the same world as I said this:  
— Is Real World also a created one? What if further creators existed beyond it?>>

In the depths of the eyes of Cobalt Blue, light like lightning blushes.

Alice looked up at journalists and a lot of media who were drawn in unexplained pressure. Alice got up slowly.


