# Epilogue.  _August 2026_

## Part 1

There is a shadow that crawls slowly, carefully reaching the ocean floor where all light does not reach.

It looks like a large flat crab. However, there are only six legs, and from the belly is pulled a thread like a spider and the whole is covered with a metal pressure sheath painted in dull gray.

Pacific light submarine crossing cable "FASTER" connecting Japan and the United States (//real thing! google it./). The maintenance deep sea working robot was the identity of the metal crab.

From three years before deployment at the ocean floor maintenance terminal, crab just kept sleeping without a single turn. However, at the end of the day an activation order was issued, he moved the solidified joints of grease, and left behind a residential home.

However, crab does not know anything, but it was not the company that owned him to give orders. Following a non-regular order whose source is unknown, crab keeps walking towards the north as soon as drawing a FASTER repairing bag behind.

What is calling crab is a faint artificial sound that can be issued periodically. Stop every minute, check the location of the sound source with the built-in sonar, and move forward again.

How long have you been repeating it?

Finally, crab was convinced that it reached the specified coordinates and lit the light equipped on the front part of the body.

It floated in the circle of white light —.

It was a silver-colored humanoid machine lying on the deep seabed.

In the simple exterior of the aluminum alloy, there are many open pits. The barrels exposed at various places burnt down and torn, the left arm pulled out from the middle, resistant to water pressure, or the head was crushed halfway.

And the slightly lifted right hand held the same deep-sea fiber optic cable as crab pulled from his belly. The cable extends straight upwards, melts in the dark darkness, and you can not see the source.

For a while crab was looking at the remains of the robot that is the same kind of himself.

But, of course, he never felt any emotions or fears, stretched the manipulator according to the orders, kept the tip of the hand with the right hand of the humanoid robot in it.

Another manipulator pulls out the end of the cable similar to the one that has been laying on the ocean floor endlessly from the cord reel built in it’s abdomen. 

And crab pressed the connectors of both claws firmly in front of me.

All the instructions that were given were executed.

He never consciously wondered where the cable humanoid robot grasped was leading.

Move the six legs alternately to flip a big body, the metallic crab started walking towards the submarine terminal again to get a long sleep.

Behind the scenes, only the remains of a completely damaged humanoid robot were left.

It’s right hand still held the firmly coated optical cable.

